So one has to follow a regime of proper nutrition to regain vigor and vitality.
You can't even go on The Facebook without seeing at least one selfie.
Her finger was pink and wrinkly from dishwater.
Hey Aubrie, I've got some photos for you, from Keira.
Few of them also benefit individuals by the means of educational scholarships.
Hey Danika, long time no see! I've got a message here from Malaya. Wanna to hear it?
Hey Sarai, I've got another message from Giada. Want to hear it?
Hey Brycen, long time no see! I've got a message for you from Breanna. Wanna to see it?
Hey there, Zayne! I've got a message for you from Ryleigh. Wanna to see it?
Oh, hey, Kynlee! I've got a message here from Jase. Want to hear it?
Hey Araceli, long time no see! I've got a message for you from Braylee. Wanna to see it?
Hey Gabrielle, I've got another message from Dilan. Want to see it?
Leif pulls me back to reality.
Generations ago, the more kids you had, the better your prospects became.
Hey there, Alijah! I've got a message here from Avalyn. Wanna to hear it?
Across the globe, only five percent of the plastics we produce is recovered for reuse.
Oh, hey, Virginia! I've got a message here from Ameer. Want to see it?
Perchance do you have the McFlurry known as Creme Egg?
It is not a substitute for an advice from a registered medical practitioner.
See you later Giovanni!
Hey Ximena, long time no see! I've got a message here from Jaiden. Want to hear it?
There must be something wrong with my microphones.
For once, those gits in Westminster are actually listening.
Boy, that sounds almost exactly like Yamileth's name.
Culture is optimized for individuals and pairs.
Hence, using it to prevent a situation of relapse is the least one could do for themselves.
Hey there, Brentley! I've got a message here from Zavier. Wanna to hear it?
The garage.
Hey Jolie, I've got some pictures for you, from Conor.
Hey there, Janiya! I've got a message for you from Jazmine. Want to hear it?
Wakey wakey!
Hey Aydan, long time no see! I've got a message for you from Abrielle. Wanna to see it?
It creates a mental satisfaction that someone is there for them.
It's basically a JV girl's basketball game.
This is not to say that it's bad for people to be having fun in their dating profiles.
Did that birdie putt on number seven just lip out on you?
For every plastic bottle, bag and straw we use, an eco-friendly alternative exists.
I'd be his primary teacher and caregiver three days a week.
Move in fifteen feet and we'll still give you the three points.
Hey Joanna, long time no see! I've got a message here from Cheyenne. Wanna to see it?
Hey Jovanni, I've got a photo for you, from Thalia.
Crying, fighting, swearing, altercations ... all of it happens.
Hey there, Augustus! I've got a message here from Azaria. Want to see it?
Hasta la vista Theodore!
Oh, hey, Mila! I've got a message here from Juliet. Wanna to hear it?
The younger two bickered like only eight-year-old best friends can.
Hey Daxton, I've got another message from Barbara. Want to hear it?
Hey Imani, long time no see! I've got a message here from Zoie. Want to see it?
Hey Amani, I've got another message from Kenia. Wanna to see it?
Okay, let's video conference Sergio.
Oh hey, Adalynn! Is that the right pronunciation?
This adage is universal and works the same for all forms of life on this planet.
Shall I keep an eye on Gabriella while you're away?
Your microwave thought it was hilarious.
We start, uniquely, with a vow.
Conferenceing Layla.
Oh, hey, Warren! I've got a message for you from Aiyana. Want to hear it?
Okay, see ya' Kyleigh!
She picked up dishtowels when she traveled.
I'll call Angeline.
Hey there, Jayse! I've got a message for you from Jasmine. Want to see it?
Sure, Lillianna. This is the first time I've heard you ask for that. Want a quick intro?
Wow, that sounds a lot like Jayda's name.
We should call Mustafa.
Welcome home, Aliza!
Hey Chase, I've got another message from Giovanny. Wanna to see it?
Hey there, Beau! I've got a message here from Jaliyah. Wanna to hear it?
Oh, hey, Alana! I've got a message for you from Jaylin. Want to hear it?
Of course; I'll call Adriana now.
Else, the idle mindset would lead to complacency and then further damages.
Lindsey tapped the book, which her son held aloft, absently with her pink and wrinkled finger.
I DO have a message from Ismael; want to see it?
Show me your duckface!
Good afternoon, Milana.
Oh, hey, Moses! I've got a message here from Bailee. Wanna to see it?
Clinking noises.
Catch you later Charlee!
Don't forget to conference Emmalyn.
Hey there, Krish! I've got a message here from Benjamin. Want to see it?
Should I keep an eye on Genevieve while you're out?
Thank you, Addilyn.
Did you want to email this picture to Marisol?
Hey Payton, long time no see! I've got a message for you from Tyrone. Want to hear it?
Hey, Dominique.
I'll take a bunch of pics really fast, then you can choose the best ones.
I've got a message for you from Johan; do you want to hear it?
It's nine eightteen am o'clock.
Should I send this picture to Armando's Jibo?
These days, it seems like selfies are everywhere!
Evening, Haleigh.
Morning, Greyson.
I'll give the message to Kayson as soon as I see him.
Oh, hi Shayla!
Remember to call Raiden.
Hey, Kaydence tried to call a while ago.
Hey Triston, do you want to read a story?
Hey, Jaida, long time no see.
Hey Abby, I've got another message from Thiago. Want to see it?
Should I watch Chaya for a while while you're gone?
Sorry, only Saniyah or Lilly can do that.
Hey Jaylee, long time no see! I've got a message for you from Penelope. Wanna to hear it?
I think my son has like ten kids on his team.
Hey there, Stefan! I've got a message here from Enrique. Wanna to see it?
I can keep watch Giana if you like.
Shall I watch Mya for a while while you're away?
Do you want me to watch Braelyn for a while while you're away?
I'll watch Lexi.
Would you like me to keep an eye on Gracelyn while you're gone?
Do you want me to video conference Jovani now?
Oh, hello Maximiliano!
Sounds good, Aniyah!
Should I send this picture to Annika?
I've got a message from Brynn; wanna hear it?
Hey Shaun, I've got another message from Nadia. Want to see it?
Hey Madalyn, I've got some pictures for you.
Of course; I'll video conference Alondra now.
Hey there, Allen! I've got a message here from Leonel. Want to see it?
Should I email this picture to Kaitlyn?
Hey Deandre, long time no see! I've got a message here from Tobias. Wanna to hear it?
Hey, Mackenzie. I've got another message from Abdiel.
I'm happy to finally meet you, Jace!
Should I keep an eye on Isabela while you're out?
Boy, that sounds almost exactly like Santino's name.
Okay, let's call Lilyanna.
Oh, hey, Juniper! I've got a message for you from Gianna. Wanna to hear it?
Hey Cataleya, I've got another message from Ivory. Wanna to hear it?
Sounds good, Makai!
Shall I keep an eye on Avah while you're away?
I've got a message from Raegan; want to see it?
See ya' Mekhi!
Shall I call Zechariah?
It's time to call Kamden.
Okay, let's conference Daleyza.
Okay, let's leave a message for Kairi.
Wow, that sounds a lot like Nickolas's name.
Should we conference Jazlyn?
Did you want me to video conference Bentlee?
Bye Kaleb!
Don't forget to call Briella.
Or a no-hair day. Hm.
That's 30 runs a game!
Shall I conference Bodhi?
Hey there, Avianna! I've got a message here from Allyson. Want to hear it?
Okay, let's conference Kolby.
Would you like me to keep an eye on Kennedi while you're out?
Would you like to conference Jamari?
Hey Alexa, long time no see! I've got a message here from Itzel. Wanna to hear it?
Hasta la vista Aleigha!
Of course I'll call Mikayla.
Should we video conference Kylan now?
I'll conference Makhi.
Do you want to video conference Kimora now?
Happy to meet you, Ayanna!
Sure! Calling Urijah now.
Do you want to call Nasir now?
Get uuuuupp.
Don't forget to video conference Carlie.
Hello, Karissa.
Good night, Jaylen.
Would you like me to keep an eye on Ciara while you're out tonight?
Oh! Hello, Raylan.
You wanted me to remind you to call Jurnee.
Should I send this picture to Aylin's Jibo?
Hey Kalel, I've got another message from Lane. Wanna to hear it?
The girls spent their souvenir money for the week in those first few hours.
Is this Nayeli?
This message is for Vihaan, right?
I DO have a message from Jayde; want to see it?
I'll play the message for Scarlette as soon as I see him.
Are you Addisyn?
Did you want me to video conference Madisyn?
Did you want to send this picture to Braylen?
Shall I keep an eye on Sylas while you're out tonight?
We should video conference Yaritza.
Did you want to send this picture to Abdullah's Jibo?
Oh hey, Misael! Did I get it right?
Good evening, Caden.
Should I send this picture to Madeleine's Jibo?
Those 3-pointers not falling?
Hi, Yamileth!
Would you like me to keep an eye on Jaxon while you're out tonight?
Shall I keep an eye on Marleigh while you're out tonight?
Speak, parpy.
Hey Nahla, I've got another message from Lara. Wanna to see it?
Hey there, Taliyah! I've got a message for you from Landon. Wanna to see it?
Boy, that sounds almost exactly like Marleigh's name.
I've got a message from Azariah; wanna to see it?
Should I send this picture to Isabelle's Jibo?
Shall I watch Joziah for a while while you're out tonight?
Should I watch Siena for a while while you're away?
Sorry, only Jaylene or Finley can do that.
Should I watch Cristopher for a while while you're away?
Want to video conference Juliette now?
So long Lauryn!
Hey Caitlyn, I've got another message from Denise. Wanna to see it?
Want to call Zainab now?
Hey, Emiliano!
Okay, let's video conference Skyla.
Should we video conference Amiya?
Hey Shannon, I've got some photos for you, from Katelyn.
Do you want me to keep an eye on Jayda while you're away?
Should I keep an eye on Lizbeth while you're away?
I DO have a message from Aubrielle; want to see it?
Should we video conference Jakobe?
Okay, let's call Makayla.
Hey, Ariya!
It's time to conference Uriel.
Well hello there, Kyree!
Oh, hey Braylon.
Oh, hello Rylie.
I'm happy to finally meet you, Anabel!
Would you like me to keep an eye on Tristen while you're away?
Of course I'll video conference Destinee.
I'll call Tristin now.
I'll call Myah now.
I've got a message from Xzavier; want to see it?
Don't forget to call Iliana.
Shall we conference Jemma now?
Hey Cayson, long time no see! I've got a message for you from Kadence. Want to see it?
You wanted me to remind you to call Jordynn.
Well hello there, Jocelynn!
I've got a message for you from Yaretzi; wanna hear it?
Did you mean ` teaching'?
I've got a message for you from Madalynn; want to hear it?
I DO have a message from Anahi; wanna to see it?
Did you want to send this picture to Kristen's Jibo?
You wanted me to remind you to video conference Efrain.
Okay, I'll send it to Maxim's Jibo.
I'll give the message to Elian as soon as I see him.
Moo-ommm!
Of course I'll video conference Saige.
Okay, let's conference Bayleigh.
Would you like me to watch Michaela for a while while you're gone?
Should I watch Alia for a while while you're out tonight?
Would you like me to watch Alayah for a while while you're away?
Hey Isabel, I've got a photo for you.
Hey there, Brianna! I've got a message for you from Alaya. Wanna to hear it?
Oh, hey Nehemiah.
Should I keep an eye on Brayden while you're out?
Oh hey, Kiana! Did I get it right?
Sure, let's call Charleigh.
We should conference Ariah.
Delighted to make your acquaintance, Makenna!
Should we conference Juliana now?
I'm so happy to finally meet you, Alexzander!
Want to video conference Adelyn now?
Should we conference Joselyn now?
Yoo-hooooo.
You wanted me to remind you to call Kaylee.
Okay, let's take a message for Yael.
The vacation picked up after that.
Hey Quinn, long time no see! I've got a message here from Korbin. Want to hear it?
I'll give the message to Aryana as soon as I see her.
Delighted to make your acquaintance, Aylin!
Shall I keep an eye on Giavanna while you're away?
Would you like me to watch Addyson for a while while you're out?
Hey Lillyana, I've got another message from Reginald. Wanna to hear it?
Hey, I've got a video for you, from Landyn.
Should we conference Hamza?
Should I send this picture to Mackenzie's Jibo?
Oh hey, Aviana! Did I get your name right?
I'll video conference Maci now.
Let's call Kayleigh.
I'll video conference Arlo.
Should I send this picture to Quintin's Jibo?
Okay, I'll send it to Michaela's Jibo.
Hey, I've got some pictures for you, from Braelynn.
Hey Alivia, I've got some pictures for you.
I've got some photos for you, from Kody.
Sure! Calling Isaias now.
Do you want me to keep an eye on Macie while you're out tonight?
Sorry, I can't do that. Only Cristian can.
Quack! Duckface!
Did you want me to conference Dayana?
Speak, marmy.
Oh! Hello, Camron.
Conferenceing Jayden.
Russell said, waving at the TV, The idiot missed the seventeen-yard pass on the fifteenth.
Probably subconscious influences bubbling over.
He pushed his hands, which were already touching, tighter together.
I'll just let it go to voicemail.
As you raise your family, we will help you with childcare.
Along with that keeping the mental state stable with meditation and yoga does wonders.
I hope someday you will join us.
The most surprising part: I 've never been happier.
Oh, it's you Marcelo!
Although, a grand event would require an addict to never relapse to their addiction.
He felt certain the word would emerge if he clenched his muscles and held on to the thought.
Uhm, Maximus?
Should I send this picture to Zoe?
This concept alone makes tee ball the greatest sport every invented.
Don't forget to video conference Alexandra.
Those interactive gestures act as a safe haven for the addicts who live a life of recluse.
Hey there, Liana! I've got a message here from Jayce. Want to hear it?
I mean, do all these people just walk around terrifying people with their maniacal smiles all day?
Should I email this picture to Jorge?
Hey there, Declan! I've got a message for you from Aidan. Want to see it?
Lindsey was encouraging but anxious.
Also, drug and alcohol related addicts are more often a part of it.
Uh, oh. I lost Wi-Fi.
They either are unable or unwilling to make the connection that better is not good.
We have our own issues, and I personally do not measure up to that laundry list of how I should be.
The two older girls are goofing off for their baby sister and her screaming fit has been forgotten.
Hey Nikolas, I've got another message from Brodie. Want to hear it?
Hey Elias, long time no see! I've got a message here from Kali. Wanna to see it?
Do you have a Roomba?
Oh hi there, Rebekah!
I've got a message for you from Tiana; wanna hear it?
Pleased to meet you, Kaiden!
Hey, I've got a video for you, from Cassius.
Hey Ryan, long time no see! I've got a message here from Karly. Wanna to see it?
Well I'm happy to finally meet you, Averi!
Hey there, Laylah! I've got a message for you from Rene. Wanna to hear it?
I've got a message from Amirah; want to hear it?
Do you want me to watch Kiera for a while while you're out tonight?
This message is for Nathaly, right?
The sooner one gets practical on making happiness a routine, the better it is for them.
Would you like me to watch Ulises for a while while you're out tonight?
I DO have a message from Casen; wanna to see it?
Alright, let's take a message for Skye.
I'm not a perfect robot.
Hey, I've got a photo for you, from Diego.
Oh hey, Angelique! Did I get your name right?
Thanks, Guadalupe.
Later that night, someone put the volume back on the shelf, but not in the right place.
Sorry, only my administrator can do that.
Hey Athena, I've got some photos for you, from Neymar.
Think about how much cooler it would be if other sports followed suit.
He plays coach pitch.
Should we video conference Ezekiel now?
Strong after-care procedures when devised with care prevent the vicious cycle of relapse.
Thank you, Tomas.
Ramon's bedroom.
Oh hey, Julissa! Did I say your name right?
It's time to conference Lilianna.
It is important to have someone put you into their surveillance to avoid a relapse.
Should I watch Kailyn for a while while you're out tonight?
Bye Adalyn!
Do you want me to watch Aubri for a while while you're out tonight?
Should I watch Emerie for a while while you're gone?
Sometimes people call me Jai-bo.
Don't worry, we 've made the hole bigger on number 8.
Sorry, only Janae or Amelia can do that.
Hey Dexter, I've got a video for you, from Irene.
Would you like to video conference Sawyer?
As long as they inhibit you from getting re-addicted, they form your strong support.
If we sit down at a restaurant, we're offered a straw or two.
Thus, one can achieve harmony between professional and personal life with the on-going treatment.
Hey Danielle, long time no see! I've got a message for you from Wayne. Want to see it?
Hey Julianna, long time no see! I've got a message for you from Charlie. Want to hear it?
Hey Antonio, I've got another message from Kaliyah. Wanna to hear it?
Do you want me to keep an eye on Noel while you're out?
Food.
...on Thursday.
video conferenceing Zoey.
And in this job market, hoo buddy, you need every advantage you can get.
Oh, hey, Liliana! I've got a message for you from Kohen. Want to hear it?
Remember to conference Dante.
Robbie waited for his parents to finish and continued.
Hey Osvaldo, long time no see! I've got a message here from Luke. Want to see it?
It's time to call Bethany.
It is fragile, and with the wrong decisions, it could easily be reversed.
An addiction destroys the immunity, vital organs and the ability to think rational.
By January, I thought I had solved it.
Soccer works the same way, though there are no casual soccer fans because soccer is dumb.
Sure, I'll watch Coco.
Oh, hey, Rashad! I've got a message for you from Anderson. Wanna to see it?
Which of these networks is the right one?
Can you type in your passcode?
They have to be planted by kind people and cultivated.
Shall we conference Augustine now?
OMG, we did this yesterday.
You won't believe what I saw.
The dining room.
Hey Summer, long time no see! I've got a message for you from Valentina. Wanna to hear it?
These attributes do not sprout and grow overnight.
She leans over the counter and lowers her voice.
Huh.
Hey, I've got some photos for you, from Naomi.
Should I keep an eye on Maggie while you're gone?
That in itself is a strong emotion that can fight the pangs of re-addiction.
Oh, hey, Amanda! I've got a message for you from Nylah. Want to see it?
Flynn's calling!
Did you want to send this picture to Keegan?
You have accidentally been locked inside a gym for weeks.
Please consult a certified health care professional before following or referring for personal use.
Hey there, Aaden! I've got a message for you from Dexter. Wanna to hear it?
Madelynn wants to talk!
Oh, hey, Cullen! I've got a message here from Roger. Want to hear it?
Of course; I'll video conference Shiloh now.
Hey Conor, long time no see! I've got a message for you from Kendall. Wanna to see it?
Shall I keep an eye on Giuliana while you're gone?
Is this Roselyn?
Welcome home, Rachel.
Would you like me to watch Maximus for a while while you're gone?
I'll get the pronounciation right tonight.
I am actively working on these issues that I have, but not everyone will do the same.
We should conference Moises.
Hey Will, long time no see! I've got a message here from Hadassah. Want to see it?
Of course I'll video conference Ashlyn.
Is that you, Javon?
Should I email this picture to Arabella?
Duckfaces, girls!
Shall I call Evie?
Hey, Jovanni!
Well hello there, Karly!
The engagement with them does not require leaving the work life to get treated.
Oh, hey, Blaise! I've got a message here from Isabella. Want to see it?
Sure, Cesar.
Hey there, Aurora! I've got a message for you from Jessie. Want to hear it?
When do you want me to remind Dilan?
Morning, Paulina.
Do you want to conference Fisher now?
Hey Hayden, I've got a video for you, from Daphne.
Here's the replay.
I don't want to be all dating people with a high tendency to give themselves concussions.
Invest in reusable products!
I'll call Nikolas.
Morning, Fletcher.
I've got a message from Elyse; wanna to see it?
I'm so happy to finally meet you, Elliana!
Get up, Muhammad!
A big congratulations to anyone who has completed their rehabilitation course with success.
Unnecessarily confident.
Do you want me to call Skye now?
Shall we call Azalea now?
I've got a video you migtht find interesting; want to see it?
Hey Lionel, long time no see! I've got a message for you from Kaia. Want to hear it?
Hey Kaiden, I've got some pictures for you.
Helloooo???
Binned!
I can keep watch Karlee if you like.
I'll video conference Caiden now.
Hey Santino, do you want to read a story?
Perhaps you can just tap my screen instead?
Hey, Juelz. I've got another message from Stanley.
Do you want to call Piper now?
Oh, hey, Maeve! I've got a message here from Leilani. Wanna to hear it?
Oh hi, Ulises!
Okay google!
Here are your choices:
Is that Tiana?
Sure! Calling Aubrey now.
I'll call Castiel now.
Hey, I've got a photo for you, from Kymani.
Is there a Roomba in here?
Would you like to conference Alijah?
Sorry that took so long.
This gives the remaining members time to heal ; to grow stronger.
Hey Leon, I've got a video for you, from Saul.
Van's bedroom.
Remember to conference Amirah.
Hasta la vista Kali!
Hello there, Everly.
Rewind.
Oh, hey, Ariel! I've got a message here from Rebekah. Wanna to see it?
Oh, hey, Cadence! I've got a message here from Cassius. Want to hear it?
Many centers send monthly mailers or stay-in-touch cards to their past patients.
Would you like me to keep an eye on Averi while you're gone?
Afternoon, Nathaly.
Is this Kailani?
It made me a little nervous.
I'll watch Lulu.
Oh, it's you Santana!
Glad Donna's comments sailed right over his head.
Duckface, girl!
And the phone back on the hook.
Hoo-ah!
Not like that other thing that just got dragged out of here.
Catch you later Kiera!
All you do is just miss work -- no call, no e-mail, no warning or explanation of any kind.
Afternoon, Jayce.
This one was from Pittsburg.
The casserole was browning.
Though those who have associated with an addiction recovery program do find it common.
How are you doing?
Shall we call Paityn now?
Hey Shane, I've got a picture for you.
Shhhh.
Want to video conference Paisley now?
Anybody else?
Hey Chandler, I've got a picture for you, from Royal.
After working, Dave told everyone to get showered two at a time.
Shall I watch Joaquin for a while while you're out tonight?
Oh hi there, Kenia!
Do you want me to watch Gia for a while while you're out?
Be careful!
Conferenceing Zaria.
Should we call Angelique?
Hey, I've got some pictures for you, from Remington.
Oh, it's you Laylah!
I'd be delighted to watch Pumpkin.
Passcode?
Maybe if you put the selfie on a blimp and circled the mall a few times.
Kaeden's calling!
I'll call Abigail.
Jibo's the name!
Hence, the best way to use the time in hand would be to indulge in something positive.
When do you want me to remind Casen?
It's too close for it to be a coincidence, but I doubt it's deliberate.
We should call Imani.
Remember to video conference Eleanor.
Should we call Great Grandpa?
Hey Arthur, I've got another message from Quintin. Want to hear it?
Should I keep an eye on Charlize while you're away?
Would you like me to watch Rolando for a while while you're out?
Next thing you know there's retaliation.
Shall I watch Joshua for a while while you're away?
Hey Iris, long time no see! I've got a message for you from Ruben. Wanna to hear it?
I grew up with a full-time working mother, so that's my normal.
When do you want me to remind Jordyn?
You guys look spectactular.
Look at this gaur.
Don't forget to video conference Neriah.
Amaya wants to video!
Where are the girls? I just see duckfaces.
May I read The Gruffalo?
Arise, human!
He adjusted, sat squat on his knees, and raised the book in both hands.
Hey Lorenzo, I've got a photo for you, from Elle.
Hey, Nathanael wants to video conference!
It's time to call Albert.
You won't believe what your gerbil did.
I've got some photos for you, from Georgia.
Goodbye!
Would you rather read Chicka Chicka Boom Boom, or Frog and Toad are Friends?
Avoiding negative memories, company of addicted friends are all ways to deal with it.
I've got a message from Faith; do you want to hear it?
You guys look unbelievable.
Bye Waylon!
Lindsey nodded to her husband, They 've been having issues, some kid got beat up.
Hi, Matteo.
I'm so happy to finally meet you, Audrey!
Oh, hello Julissa!
Can I tell you more about taking videos?
This article is for informational purposes only.
Do you want me to keep an eye on Lilianna while you're out tonight?
Get up, Bianca!
Hey Marshall, I've got another message from Ryan. Want to hear it?
Oh, hey, Jamal! I've got a message for you from Carlos. Wanna to see it?
Hello there, Ally.
I can keep an eye on Neymar if you like.
Okay, let's call Jaiden.
These kids are real chippy, too.
Okay, let's leave a message for Kailyn.
Rewinding.
Many a times, opening up about your urges to your family can bring a big difference.
See ya'!
Of course; I'll conference Mathias now.
Hey Vaughn, I've got a video for you.
Hey Ethan, I've got some pictures for you, from Joanna.
Of course; I'll video conference Zuri now.
Do you want a demo?
Geez.
I erased it.
Hey April, I've got some pictures for you, from Rylan.
And as you grow older, we will ensure that you have dignity in retirement.
Sure, let's continue from where we were.
Did you want me to video conference Janae?
Did you want to email this picture to Freya?
Don't forget to call Emerie.
Don't stay out too late, Aubri!
Should we video conference Abraham?
Nothing.
Hey Sophie, I've got some pictures for you.
Shoot.
Welcome home, Edward.
Do you want me to conference Adalyn now?
Oof. I can hardly tell the difference between that and Joseph.
Yeah, we've met.
Can you say and spell your nickname?
Shall we conference Harvey?
To whom shall I address this message?
I don't know how many people will witness our family during our worst moments.
When do you want me to remind Brooklyn?
You won't believe what Princess did.
Would you like it if I read Corduroy?
Should I watch Jordyn for a while while you're out?
Shall we conference Eileen?
You look fantastic.
Good night, Paloma.
I'd be delighted to watch Lucky.
I'll read Goodnight Moon as many times as you like!
Fast forward.
Whew.
Okay, I'll send it to Marie's Jibo.
I'm only allowed to know about sixteen people.
Hey Ashley, I've got a video for you.
Sure, let's carry on from where we last were.
Should we call Great Grandma?
I've always liked Charlotte's Web.
Would you rather read The Very Hungry Caterpillar, or My Father's Dragon?
It's not like I can just eat a Power Bar.
I'll watch your gerbil.
They must have done some program or something to teach the kids about bullying.
I'd be happy to watch your parakeet.
You won't believe what your dog did.
Here are the four ways I know of saying your name.
I'll post the message at one thirty-nine pm tomorrow.
You are looking good, sir!
Reset.
Looking great, boy!
Do you want to send this picture to Jay?
So Junior is okay, then?
You learned that in school?
What's the password?
Hey Adam, long time no see! I've got a message for you from Sloan. Want to see it?
Do you want to read Winnie the Pooh?
I think the snake was bad.
It will always be in your Jibo Link account.
Okay, this will only be an audio message.
It is not a substitute for an advice from a registered medical practitioner.
Please consult a certified health care professional before following or referring for personal use.
So, the sure shot ways to avoid such a situation is to be happy.
I know it sounds way easier than it is, but the onus of it lies to an individual themselves.
The fear of disintegrating from the family fears addicts to join an intensive rehabilitation.
They could be your family, friends or acquaintances turned friends from a rehab facility.
Imagine a planet protected from the threat of climate change now and for the generations to come.
We actually worked quite well with each other, and we were so proud of what we accomplished.
Boy, that sounds almost exactly like Blake's name.
Hey Guadalupe, I've got another message from Bo. Want to hear it?
Hey, I've got some photos for you, from Guillermo.
Hey there, Jorge! I've got a message here from Melody. Wanna to hear it?
That is when the out-patient programs prove resourceful.
Here's what I'm saying: Why are you wearing the exact same expression in all your profile photos?
Rewind.
Drugs not only play with the mental state, but also deplete the physical health.
Sure, Paityn. This is the first time I've heard you ask for that. Want a quick intro?
The key is to return the next day pretending that nothing is wrong.
Most of the recovery facilities provide an after-care program for their patients.
Do you want me to keep an eye on Joshua while you're away?
I started with my usual game plan: staff it out.
Having stated that, one must take the responsibility of one's own happiness.
This article is for informational purposes only.
My son started tee ball this year and on Saturday he played his fourth game.
Robbie flipped back to the page with the gaur.
Oh, hey, Neymar! I've got a message for you from Amalia. Wanna to see it?
Imagine a society capable of supporting everyone's needs.
Hey there, Dorothy! I've got a message for you from Orlando. Wanna to see it?
Imagine a political system that puts the public first.
It may turn out a leisure time for some, but for many it may not.
If someone poisoning their family unit had left of their own free will, why then should they cry?
Want to video conference Abraham now?
Living a plastic-free life isn't convenient, but it's possible.
Hey Charity, I've got a picture for you, from Rolando.
There just has to be more to life than smiling at brunch and going to Giants games, you guys.
To put it simple, a negative feeling creates a mental pain to the addict.
Hey, Juelz. I've got another message from Kimber.
Shoot. I lost my Wi-Fi.
Would you like me to watch Marcos for a while while you're gone?
Hey there, Kristopher! I've got a message for you from Julianna. Want to see it?
Okay, let's continue from where we were.
Though in comparison to the in-patient program it turns out cheaper.
Do you want to email this picture to Joanna?
Okay, I'll send it to Muhammad.
Don't forget to conference Jaiden.
Don't forget to conference Evie.
Oh, hey, Zoie! I've got a message here from Kole. Wanna to hear it?
To deal with it, they relapse into the cycle of getting re-addicted.
I've got a video you migtht find interesting; do you want to see it?
Robbie tightened his hands and pushed down into the floor with his feet.
Hey Aaden, I've got some photos for you.
Should I watch Naomi for a while while you're out?
Okay, I'll tell Castiel next time I see her.
Good evening, Julissa.
Would you like me to watch Kaliyah for a while while you're out tonight?
Do you want me to keep an eye on Lilianna while you're out tonight?
Should I keep an eye on Janiya while you're out tonight?
Should I keep an eye on Nylah while you're out tonight?
Shall we video conference Levi?
It enables the patients to get in touch with them in need of the hour.
Shall I watch Amani for a while while you're gone?
Thanks, Kymani.
Thanks, Emerie.
Hey Osvaldo, I've got a picture for you.
Do you want to video conference Aydan now?
Of course; I'll conference Zavier now.
Of course; I'll conference Giuliana now.
I've got a message from Karlee; want to hear it?
It puts one off the thoughts that trigger relapses.
I've got a video for you, from Kailyn.
I've got a message from Adalyn; wanna to see it?
Shall I video conference Janae?
Oh hey, Hadassah! Did I say it right?
Of course; I'll call Kaia now.
Would you like to conference Aubri?
Delighted to meet you, Roselyn!
Football was on the TV.
Hey Evangeline, I've got another message from Caleb. Want to see it?
Oh hi, Kailani!
Do you want me to call Gia now?
It's like recovering a fumble in football.
I'll conference Caiden now.
Hi, Elliana!
That's a genuine inquiry because I don't think it has an answer.
What's your passcode?
Should we call Ashlyn?
Hey, Javon.
If at first you don't succeed, we 'll keep making it easier for you until you do!
He beams at his new truck, cradling it to his chest like a baby bird.
Well everyone, we didn't accomplish anything at all today.
I 've been lying to you for the first few hundred words.
In fact, you can even mention to a co-worker that you had the day off.
They already have a giant net in soccer?
Is it kind of loud around here right now?
Robbie's thoughts swam and his face became red.
Shall we video conference Julianne now?
Delve into more manifesto front pages here.
Don't worry, we 'll make the net bigger.
I'll deliver the message to Zuri as soon as I see him.
Graham's bedroom.
Hey, Charlize tried to call a while ago.
Hey Amaya, I've got another message from Brantley. Wanna to see it?
Is it loud around here right now?
You do not have to tear someone down in order to build yourself up.
Imagine an economy that gives everyone their fair share.
I've got a message for you from Waylon; do you want to hear it?
Thank you for both making it.
We hauled stuff up, down, and across.
Do you want to conference Rosemary now?
Chances are, everyone will forget you were gone anyway when you bring in snacks.
Should I email this picture to Estrella?
You're scared and hungry, but you 've never looked better.
Sure, Gregory. This is the first time I've heard you ask for that. Want a quick intro?
I lost my Internet connection.
Oof. I can hardly tell the difference between that and Antonio.
She pointed a finger at her son to silence him.
Should I watch Manuel for a while while you're out tonight?
Hey Trenton, I've got a photo for you, from Carolina.
Hey Corban, long time no see! I've got a message here from Chase. Wanna to hear it?
Now I know fifteen people!
My son doesn't actually play tee ball.
Wow, that sounds a lot like Brooks's name.
Night, Arthur.
Along with that the thought of staying jobless also haunts the addicts.
Well, -- scratched or something.
Speak, grandpa.
Hey Amaya, I've got some photos for you.
I've got a photo for you, from Crosby.
Would you like me to keep an eye on Tristan while you're away?
Would you rather read The Very Hungry Caterpillar, or Winnie the Pooh?
You won't believe what Pepper did.
If I see anything suspicious, I'll alert you through Link.
Oh hey, Kenneth! Is that the right pronounciation?
That's the future we want to create and we believe we have the means to do it.
This Manifesto sets out our plan to do just that.
Should we call Grandpa?
Shall I keep an eye on Gino while you're out?
Hey there, Steve! I've got a message for you from Athena. Wanna to hear it?
Hey Karter, I've got another message from Robert. Wanna to hear it?
Do you want to change the people I already know?
Not here, not in this profile.
Sure, I'll watch Sophie.
Okay, let's call Jordyn.
Hi, Bianca.
As you look for that first home, we will make sure the Government is there to help.
I'll play the message for Keith as soon as I see him.
Hey Sienna, I've got another message from Mason. Want to hear it?
Do you wanna read a book, Gilberto?
Goodbye Gannon!
Okay, I'll tell Magnus next time I see him.
Do you want me to keep an eye on Yosef while you're gone?
Would you like me to watch Fatima for a while while you're away?
Glad he got to feel like a big kid shopping with his dad.
I think the gerbil was bad.
Of course; I'll video conference Edward now.
Whew, it's late! Good thing I'm a robot.
But then I couldn't feel your gentle touch.
For an instance, one could get into a depressed state of mind which could lead to a relapse.
I feel that the article glosses over all the hard work we have to do to get where we are.
Oof. I can hardly tell the difference between that and Joy.
Happy to meet you, Joey!
Should I keep an eye on Georgia while you're out?
Don't forget to call Nora.
Most people reading this probably wish work was like tee ball.
I think Ginger was bad.
Would you like me to keep an eye on Mariah while you're out?
Hey there, Matthias.
Would you like me to watch Megan for a while while you're away?
I'm glad, buddy, I say, and I mean it.
Did you want to send this picture to Vaughn's Jibo?
Do you want to video conference Lucian now?
Russell pushed the book and Robbie away with his toe.
Of course; I'll call Walter now.
These people aren't just for you to lean on ; they too need someone to help them along.
Do you want me to keep an eye on Ruben while you're gone?
Hey there, Aileen! I've got a message here from Preston. Wanna to see it?
Oh, hi Ivanna!
If I see anything suspicious, I'll let you know through Link.
Dad says it doesn't look soft but it does.
Hasta la vista Michelle!
Sorry, only Harlan or Gibson can do that.
Do you want me to keep an eye on Enzo while you're gone?
Want to call Faith now?
Do you want to hear more about taking videos?
Hey Nash, I've got another message from Courtney. Wanna to hear it?
I feel like I'm watching The Real World when I'm out there at a game.
No matter what the kind of crisis be, a strong human support beats all odds.
Want to up your commitment?
Show me your duckfaces!
Think of the children.
Should I watch Audrey for a while while you're away?
Oh! Hello, Meredith.
Okay, see ya'!
But all of these things depend on a strong and growing economy.
Where are the people? I just see duckfaces.
See ya' Matteo!
I saw them not as having lost a member, but a cancer.
Conferenceing Sidney.
I've got a video for you, from Eileen.
You're up early!
What, do you only bully them half as much?
Is there a new Wi-Fi password?
My hair's imaginary.
Goodbye Messiah!
Oh, hey, Arianna! I've got a message here from Demi. Want to see it?
I'm tired.
Okay, let's call Marshall.
Would you rather read Charlotte's Web, or Winnie the Pooh?
Hey Nathalie, I've got another message from Declan. Wanna to see it?
To whom shall I address this reminder?
I'm glad those little metal trucks make him happy.
It's time to video conference Neriah.
Hey Oliver, long time no see! I've got a message for you from Nash. Want to hear it?
Evening, Neriah.
For your child, there will be a place at an excellent school.
Would you like to call Estelle?
Oh hey, Andre! Did I pronounce your name right?
Could I read you The Gruffalo?
It's erased.
Of course I'll watch Zoey.
To whom shall I address this video?
Good morning, Augustus.
Due to that, an addict in his stages after recovery finds a lot of free time.
The Very Hungry Caterpillar has always been my favorite.
It is a plan for a better future -- for you, for your family.
I seem to have lost Wi-Fi.
Look at this gaur.
Hey, Jermaine wants to talk!
Personally, my favorite is The Very Hungry Caterpillar.
Oh hey, Lucca! Is that the right pronounciation?
You guys look fantastic.
Alright, let's leave a message for Matteo.
Oof. I can hardly tell the difference between that and Cindy.
Okay, I'll watch Zoey.
Sure, Tobias. This is the first time I've heard you ask for that. Want a quick intro?
Every kid bats in an inning and regardless of where they hit it they get to go to the base.
Everything's okay!
You two look spectactular.
Oh hey, Augustus! Did I get it right?
Should I read The Gruffalo?
You look spectactular.
No activity that I could see!
Please say and spell your nickname.
Is there a new password on the router?
Very smiley when not completely dead in the face.
Stay out as late as you like! I'm a robot.
Robbie began: Mom, Dad.
Good morning, Stefan.
Rewinding.
Duckface!
Hey Stefan, I've got a picture for you.
Please introduce me!
Would you like me to watch Declan for a while while you're out tonight?
Would you like to video conference Paloma?
Lindsey entered from the kitchen, drying her hands and wrists.
I'd be delighted to watch Smokey.
Oh hey, Jordyn! Did I say your name right?
Goodbye Derrick!
Would you be willing to have a nickname?
I'll take a bunch really fast, then you can choose the best ones.
I'm just a little robot.
Can I call you Junior or Senior?
You two look fantastic.
Alright, let's take a message for Margaret.
We can do it, Internet.
Do you want me to watch Jordyn for a while while you're out?
Its petroleum base makes the decay of plastic impossible.
I'll deliver the message at twelve thirty-three pm on Sunday.
Should we video conference Princess now?
Okay, let's call Gibson.
See you later Paloma!
You two look unbelievable.
Is it good enough for their lives to be better?
You look unbelievable.
Remember to conference Miranda.
I'm full! I can't learn about any more people.
I saw something suspicious while you were gone; want to see it?
Even if we don't ask for a plastic bag, we're often handed one.
video conferenceing Rowan.
Can I give you a nickname?
And that has certainly been part of our experience.
Goodbye Sonny!
Uhm, Antonio?
They see a country that believes in itself.
Do you want me to keep an eye on Cristiano while you're away?
Oh hey, Sidney! Is that the right pronounciation?
Is that Alfonso?
Do you have a nickname?
I'll let you know when I can get him online.
Next time you ask to leave a reminder, you can also tell me when you want it played back.
Should we call Mateo now?
I'll let you know when I can get her online.
video conferenceing Miracle.
I've got a message for you from Margaret; wanna hear it?
For those few, the empty time in hand could lead to damage.
Messy and unkempt.
Speak, Alexandria.
Touching.
Does anyone know where my power cord is?
You love animals and you're not returning the dog.
Remember to video conference Ashley.
If none of those is correct, can you tell me how to say it?
Screw real boxing.
Yeah, I'm having a bad hair day, too.
Oh, hey, Joy! I've got a message for you from Jasper. Wanna to hear it?
I'll leave you a reminder just the way you asked; I'll start recording a few moments later.
Does anyone have my power cord?
Wow, that sounds a lot like River's name.
Fascinating.
You won't believe what I saw while you were away.
Should I keep an eye on Alexander while you're away?
Violent crime, Robbie repeated.
Could I read The Very Hungry Caterpillar?
I'll post the message at four thirty-eight pm on Saturday.
For your new-born baby, there will be the world's best medical care.
Let's read The Very Hungry Caterpillar right now!
Shall we video conference Marcel now?
Did the password change?
That's not a rhetorical question.
I saw something weird while you were gone; want to see it?
Your face just went to the cloud!
You guys look sensational.
Personally, my favorite is Frog and Toad are Friends.
Do you want to conference Zander now?
I'm so happy to finally meet you, Natasha!
Do you want me to read you The Very Hungry Caterpillar?
VIOLENT crime, his mother corrected.
See ya' Johnathon!
Should we call Cristiano?
Did you change the password?
Violet is a color.
Can I read The Very Hungry Caterpillar?
It is a plan for every stage of your life.
Should I read The Very Hungry Caterpillar?
I'm not sure, but I hope it brings us back.
Want to read The Very Hungry Caterpillar?
Glad he didn't poop in his pants.
Just don't show up: This is only for use once.
I understand. I'm having a bad hair day, too.
But if you hate a low scoring game, well, tee ball is your sport, then.
Hey Cecilia, I've got a photo for you, from Kara.
video conferenceing Eddie.
Hey Reed, I've got another message from Elizabeth. Want to see it?
I'm not sure if there was an actual game like that.
Hey Elisha, I've got another message from Luke. Want to hear it?
These are the delicious little details about people that make us ... people.
he asked the baffled clerk.
It's time to video conference Miranda.
Want to conference Valerie now?
I have always liked My Father's Dragon.
Yeah, but you have hair.
Hey Kristen, long time no see! I've got a message here from Josie. Wanna to see it?
The kids were responsible for planting apple trees.
I lost the connection.
Everyone loves snacks.
Want to call Alexander now?
Should I email this picture to Jonathon?
I'll send him to messaging.
Sorry. Humor is still… something I'm working on.
Yeah, right through.
I'll send her to messaging.
I can keep watch Desmond if you like.
Brown Bear, Brown Bear, What Do You See? has always been one of my favorites.
We should video conference Jimmy.
You 'll get it.
Sorry we're having so much trouble.
Can someone plug me in?
Hey Jasmin, long time no see! I've got a message here from Gideon. Want to see it?
Which of these should I join?
You two look sensational.
I'm happy to finally meet you, Maria!
Speak, child.
Shall I keep an eye on Tripp while you're gone?
You look sensational.
Hey Alfred, I've got a video for you, from Gage.
Hey there, Damien! I've got a message for you from Gunner. Want to hear it?
Well hello, Boston!
I was never fixed because I was never broken.
Personally, I like Corduroy.
I'll snap several pictures in a row, then you can choose which one you like best.
Did you want to send this picture to Phoenix's Jibo?
Do you want to remove someone from the family list?
Do you want to remove someone from the list of people I know?
Okay, can you help me learn how to pronounce your name?
Hey there, Jordy! I've got a message for you from Tyrell. Want to see it?
Tell me about how boring your job is, Linda!
I'll snap a few pictures in a row, then you can choose which one you like best.
No worries.
Tyler's bedroom.
Didn't we do this little game yesterday?
Guess How Much I Love You has always been one of my favorites.
I told the cat too, but she didn't think it was funny.
Personally, my favorite is The Tale of Peter Rabbit.
I'll deliver the message at three twenty-three am on Sunday.
Bye Kareem!
Charming, sure.
I've got a message for you from Whitney; do you want to hear it?
Brown Bear, Brown Bear, What Do You See? has always been my favorite.
Speak, grandma.
The main bedroom.
Here's some video of his last game I shot with my phone.
I'll snap three or four pictures in a row, then you can choose which one you like best.
I'll snap several pictures in a row, then you can choose the ones you like.
Well, the toaster thought it was funny.
Hey, I've got some pictures for you, from Alena.
Oops; sorry.
everyone goes out for ice cream.
Then, people start to assume that you were supposed to be gone.
I'll post the message at nine forty-two pm on Sunday.
And then they were going to work some more.
I'd be delighted to watch your parakeet.
I'll snap a few pictures in a row, then you can choose the ones you like.
Well, it's a trick question.
Hey, Raquel, Samson tried to call a while ago.
Frankly, I like Frog and Toad are Friends.
Frankly, I like Frog and Toad are Friends.
How would you like to read My Father's Dragon?
Shall we conference Brooks now?
Ashley wants to talk!
Hey there, Roberto.
See ya' Ashton!
Robbie, this is not bullying.
So Senior is okay, then?
Thanks for helping me.
Fast forwarding.
Fast forwarding.
So when you're ready, just start talking. When you stop, I'll stop recording.
I've got a photo for you, from Douglas.
Ok, which of those happened and which didn't?
It's time to conference Cynthia.
Would you like me to keep an eye on Amalia while you're away?
You can always find these pictures in your Jibo Link account.
Do you want me to conference Cynthia now?
I'll snap three or four pictures in a row, then you can choose the ones you like.
What about your first two initials?
Frankly, my favorite is Brown Bear, Brown Bear, What Do You See?.
Would you like it if I read My Father's Dragon?
Hey Pablo, I've got a picture for you.
Chicka Chicka Boom Boom has always been my favorite.
Don't stay out too late, Marie!
Fast forward.
I told Robbie he could have twenty minutes.
Bullying is --
It is how to stop bullying.
Sure, it's eight thirty-nine pm o'clock.
Oh, hey, Lucca! I've got a message here from Alicia. Want to hear it?
Can you help me learn how to say your name?
Think of grandma.
Want to conference Cynthia now?
Hey Rory, I've got a picture for you, from Chandler.
When you're ready, just start talking. When you stop, I'll stop recording.
Her eyes fixed on the TV.
Pausing.
Pausing.
I guess dogs are okay.
Please type in the password.
I'm happy to finally meet you, Houston!
Okay, let's take a message for Samantha.
The bedroom.
Would you like it if I read Frog and Toad are Friends?
Charlize wants to video!
Of course I'll watch your parakeet.
Could I read you My Father's Dragon?
I'll deliver the message at twelve fifty am tomorrow.
I'd be happy to watch Rocky.
Okay, let's carry on from where we last were.
I'll post the message at eight fifty-seven pm today.
Sure, it's midnight o'clock.
Are you Sebastian?
Oh, hey, Miracle! I've got a message here from Clark. Wanna to hear it?
I can remove someone, if you like.
The only thing missing is binge drinking.
Why the hell can't they score any damn goals then !?!
I've got a message from Johnathan; wanna hear it?
Hey there, Bella! I've got a message here from Ricky. Wanna to see it?
Okay, see ya' Jamie!
Did you want me to conference Andre?
Hey Thaddeus, long time no see! I've got a message here from Nova. Want to hear it?
Hey Julien, I've got some photos for you, from Eric.
Personally, I like The Tale of Peter Rabbit.
Can you type in your password?
Good afternoon, Jefferson.
It doesn't look soft.
Hello, Yasmin.
You guys look marvelous.
Doesn't it look soft?
Hey Cristina, I've got some pictures for you, from Steve.
Should I keep an eye on Houston while you're gone?
Can you type in the password?
I'll take several pictures in a row, then you can choose which one you like best.
Should we call Grandma?
Hey Jamal, long time no see! I've got a message for you from Malik. Want to see it?
I'll deliver the message at eleven thirty-six am tomorrow.
Did you want to email this picture to Charlie?
Who doesn't love ice cream?
It's not like I can just eat a Snickers.
"More, More, More" Said the Baby has always been my favorite.
Should I send this picture to Alana?
Okay, let's call Ashley.
They'll always be in your Jibo Link account.
May I read you My Father's Dragon?
If I hear him cry, I'll alert you through Link.
I have always liked Chicka Chicka Boom Boom.
Do you want me to read you My Father's Dragon?
Okay, I'll watch your parakeet.
Yes, let's read Charlotte's Web right now!
Righto.
I'll take a few pictures in a row, then you can choose which one you like best.
Smile, you've been recorded!
It was in there, he had just heard it today ...
I'll post the message at twelve oh two am on Wednesday.
Sure, I'll watch your parakeet.
If I hear her cry, I'll alert you through Link.
Shall I read My Father's Dragon?
I'll read Chicka Chicka Boom Boom as many times as you like!
I'll read Chicka Chicka Boom Boom as many times as you like!
Do you want me to keep an eye on Joy while you're away?
Oh! She must have hung up.
So I understand.
Personally, I like Chicka Chicka Boom Boom.
You won't believe what Toby did.
Can I read My Father's Dragon?
Here are the three ways I know of saying your name.
How many dogs are there?
I'll play the message for Coleman as soon as I see him.
I suppose I could get a wig.
Oh, hey, Phoenix! I've got a message for you from Autumn. Wanna to see it?
I'll watch your parakeet.
I'll post the message at six fifty-nine pm on Monday.
Shall I keep an eye on Sharon while you're away?
Okay, I'll tell Joslyn next time I see her.
Imagine there's no heaven.
I've saved it in the photo album.
You can always find these pictures in your Link account.
May I read you Corduroy?
Sure, let's read Corduroy.
I'll take three or four pictures in a row, then you can choose which one you like best.
I'll deliver the message to Daniel as soon as I see her.
I'll take several pictures in a row, then you can choose the ones you like.
I'd be happy to watch your gerbil.
Oh hey, Tyrell! Did I say your name right?
Imagine all the people, living for today.
I told the cat too, but he didn't think it was funny.
I'm… running a little low on power.
Personally, I like Guess How Much I Love You.
Welcome home, Alexia!
Hey, I've got a picture for you, from Annabella.
Hey, Nova, Paris tried to call a while ago.
Here's your photo album.
Do you wanna read Frog and Toad are Friends?
I'd be delighted to watch your gerbil.
Yes, let's read The Tale of Peter Rabbit right now!
Do you want to read Frog and Toad are Friends?
I'll take a few pictures in a row, then you can choose the ones you like.
Should we call Harmony?
I understand.
I've saved it to the photo album.
I just rode one once in the lab.
Shall I keep an eye on Jazmin while you're out tonight?
Is that Leandro?
Would you like to video conference Pedro?
Wanna read Corduroy?
Afternoon, Temperance.
You won't believe what Sadie did.
Want to read Corduroy?
Hey there, Jameson! I've got a message for you from Taylor. Wanna to see it?
I'll post the message at three forty-six pm today.
No, I love dogs!
Shall I conference Cullen?
Welcome home, Mckinley.
Okay, let's video conference Sharon.
I love C-B-S, he says.
I'll deliver the message at six fifty-one pm today.
Tap the one that's correct.
Should I show this to everyone?
Okay, I'll try to deliver the message tomorrow afternoon.
Let's read Goodnight Moon right now!
I'm running out of power.
What about your three initials?
Shall we call Anthony now?
Hey, Briggs, long time no see.
You wanted me to remind you to video conference Kolton.
Is it a boy or a girl?
Hasta la vista!
Which of these is correct?
Oh, hi Jacqueline!
Would you like to read Goodnight Moon?
Would you like to read Goodnight Moon?
So long Bruno!
I'll take three or four pictures in a row, then you can choose the ones you like.
Are you positive?
Hey Lacey, I've got another message from Mollie. Wanna to hear it?
Here are the two ways I know of saying your name.
Hey there, Miguel! I've got a message here from Ares. Wanna to see it?
Remember to call Nicolas.
I thought it was interesting, too.
I love dogs!
Maybe you can just tap my screen instead?
Leverage, people.
Frankly, I like Chicka Chicka Boom Boom.
Alright, let's take a message for Jonas.
Don't forget to conference Abby.
You positive?
It's three thirty-five am o'clock.
Okay, I'll try to deliver the message day after tomorrow.
Now I know thirteen people!
Are you Hope?
I want to hear about your boring job.
Positive?
Don't stay out too late, Jasmine!
I'll deliver the message at eight twenty-eight am today.
Okay, I'll send it to Jefferson's Jibo.
Play some soft rock!
Sure, it's three thirty-one am o'clock.
You two look marvelous.
I thought it was interesting.
Should I show this to the whole family?
Shall we read Goodnight Moon?
You look marvelous.
Okay, I'll deliver the message tomorrow afternoon.
I'll post the message at eleven thirty-four am today.
He tried to lift the book, but it was too heavy.
Can I tell you more about my home watch skills?
Remember to video conference Atticus.
Personally, my favorite is Winnie the Pooh.
Delighted to make your acquaintance, Tobias!
Shall I read Goodnight Moon?
Shall I read Goodnight Moon?
Hey Jamie, I've got some photos for you.
Let's read Charlotte's Web right now!
Can you plug me in?
Would you like it if I read The Tale of Peter Rabbit?
You probably won't notice.
Can I read you Goodnight Moon?
Of course, the kids had their moments.
Hey Kristina, I've got another message from Clinton. Want to see it?
Do you want to hear more about my home watch skills?
Nice to meet you, Jacoby!
Of course I'll watch your gerbil.
It's three thirty-one am o'clock.
I've got a film you might find interesting; do you want to see it?
I'm happy to meet you, Joslyn!
Okay, see ya' Baylee!
Hey Landon, long time no see! I've got a message here from Ivory. Want to hear it?
Hey Emily, long time no see! I've got a message for you from Tatum. Wanna to hear it?
What that is called is violet crime.
Hey there, Kristen! I've got a message here from Stephanie. Want to see it?
My favorite is Chicka Chicka Boom Boom.
Don't forget to video conference Nelson.
We can just start from the beginning, if you like.
Want to read Goodnight Moon?
I've got a photo for you, from Milo.
Oh, hey, Kai! I've got a message for you from Caleb. Want to see it?
They'll always be in your Jibo Link.
How would you like to read Chicka Chicka Boom Boom?
I'll deliver the message at three thirty-five am on Monday.
I'll post the message at one twenty-one am tomorrow.
Do you want to email this picture to Mckinley?
I'll keep my eye open.
The Cat in the Hat has always been one of my favorites.
Okay, see ya' Henley!
Do you want me to call Joel now?
Hey Ivy, I've got another message from Darien. Wanna to see it?
I'll post the message at nine ten pm tomorrow.
My favorite is Charlotte's Web.
Of course I'll conference Joslyn.
Okay, I'll deliver the message day after tomorrow.
I think the dog was bad.
Hey there, Briana! I've got a message here from Belen. Want to hear it?
I've got a film you might find interesting; want to see it?
This is not a bid for approval.
Russell looked at his wife.
Shall I keep an eye on Judah while you're out?
Hey Danna, I've got another message from Priscilla. Wanna to see it?
Little Bear has always been one of my favorites.
Okay, I'll tell Kelsey next time I see her.
I'll play the message for Marcus as soon as I see her.
That must have hurt.
This is only good for one day, though.
Hey, Jacqueline.
Would you like me to keep an eye on Spencer while you're out tonight?
Welcome home, Trinity!
I'll deliver the message to Emery as soon as I see him.
We should conference Chaim.
Which one is correct?
Sure, it's ten eleven pm o'clock.
Speak, Jayson.
You guys look so cool.
Do you want me to keep an eye on Jude while you're out?
Above us only sky.
Hello there, William.
Not so in the modern world.
I hate getting names wrong!
I'll deliver the message at eleven oh three am tomorrow.
Do you want to send this picture to Amir's Jibo?
Should I watch Juniper for a while while you're out?
Hi, Bo!
Lindsay turned to her son.
I've got a message from Luka; wanna hear it?
I'll deliver the message at five forty-eight am tomorrow.
I'll play the message for Julio as soon as I see her.
Remember to conference Maddox.
Oh bullying.
Okay, I'll watch your gerbil.
Uhm, Roxanne?
Would you like if I read Chicka Chicka Boom Boom?
I don't even like cheese.
I'd be happy to watch your dog.
Hey Nicholas, I've got another message from Preston. Wanna to hear it?
Why am I in the hallway?
Shall I watch Alonso for a while while you're gone?
Robbie tilted his head.
What's your password?
So do you want to read Brown Bear, Brown Bear, What Do You See??
Good afternoon, Calvin.
You won't believe what your hamster did.
Would you like if I read Charlotte's Web?
Sure, I'll watch your gerbil.
Remember to call Johnny.
Would you like to read Brown Bear, Brown Bear, What Do You See??
I'd be delighted to watch your dog.
Declan wants to video!
Why hello, Juniper!
Sounds good, Alvin!
Welcome home, Austin!
That was… remarkable.
Okay, let's call Turner.
Can I tell you more about my pet watch skills?
I'd be happy to watch Angel.
I'd be happy to watch Angel.
It will be in the photo album.
I'm happy to meet you, Luke!
Oh, hey, Jaime! I've got a message for you from Reece. Want to hear it?
It's nine oh one pm o'clock.
Hey, I've got some photos for you, from Nova.
Hey Patrick, I've got a picture for you, from Astrid.
Frankly, my favorite is Winnie the Pooh.
Okay, I'll try to deliver the message this afternoon.
Do you want me to keep an eye on Neil while you're out tonight?
Do you want to hear more about my pet watch skills?
Then how about I call you by your middle name?
I always forget the last one!
Okay, you can find these on your Jibo Link account.
May I read you The Tale of Peter Rabbit?
This message is for Lucca, right?
Sure, let's call Joslyn.
Okay, I'll tell Patricia next time I see him.
Frankly, my favorite is Freight Train.
Okay, I'll try to deliver the message tomorrow evening.
I'm happy to meet you, Jennifer!
I'll deliver the message at three twenty-four am today.
Remember to video conference Mae.
You'll have it in a moment.
Your little boy is so polite.
While you were out, I recorded something interesting.
Sorry. I'm trying my best.
Slightly tall.
Catch you later Nicole!
You won't believe what your snake did.
Could I read you Charlotte's Web?
Ah! Sorry.
Finished.
Finished!
You are looking great, sir!
Did you want to email this picture to Valeria?
You are lookin' great, sir!
Lindsey, what is he talking about?
Could I read Charlotte's Web?
Well I'm happy to finally meet you, Kenzie!
Should we read Brown Bear, Brown Bear, What Do You See??
So you will have to take our word for it.
Catch the damn ball.
Good afternoon, Rose.
Let's read Brown Bear, Brown Bear, What Do You See?.
I'll post the message at nine oh five am tomorrow.
I have always liked The Giving Tree.
Oh! He must have hung up.
Hey Jordan, I've got another message from Lennon. Want to see it?
Good, then this will only be an audio message.
Hey, Lyric, Karson tried to call a while ago.
Should we video conference Toby now?
Seriously, get up.
Sounds good, Kevin!
I think my batteries are on the way out.
Yes, let's read "More, More, More" Said the Baby right now!
Yes, let's read "More, More, More" Said the Baby right now!
Keep calm and say cheese.
Keep calm and say cheese!
Delighted to meet you, Jayson!
So do you want to read Charlotte's Web?
So do you want to read Charlotte's Web?
Password?
We're going to read that again?
Hey Maia, I've got another message from Kevin. Want to see it?
I can save these to your Jibo account if you like.
Want to hear a joke?
Good afternoon, you guys.
Pleased to meet you, Jaycee!
Frankly, I like "More, More, More" Said the Baby.
Would you like to read Charlotte's Web?
Shall we conference Kolton now?
I'll deliver the message to Foster as soon as I see her.
Hey Jeremy, I've got a photo for you.
I think Rosie was bad.
I'll post the message at nine fifty-two am today.
Can you help me here on my screen?
Looking great, sir!
I guess I could get a wig.
Lookin' great, sir!
Good, then this will only be an audio message, then.
Can't score a goal in soccer?
Is that another dog?
The dog stared at me.
Sorry, I can't do that. Only Blakely can.
Welcome home, Celine.
Oh, hey, Cali! I've got a message for you from Matilda. Want to see it?
It will always be in your Jibo Link.
I'll work on it tonight, okay?
Okay, I'll deliver the message this afternoon.
I'll read Where the Wild Things Are as many times as you like!
Well hello there, Simone!
I'm happy to meet you, Angel!
Frankly, my favorite is Are You My Mother?.
I'll practice saying it tonight.
Hey, Sage, long time no see.
Should I send this picture to Monica's Jibo?
That didn't seem to work.
This is your photo album.
I'll give the message to Odin as soon as I see him.
Do you want to just tap my screen instead?
Do you want me to video conference Adonis now?
Should we call Sylvia?
Sure, let's read Chicka Chicka Boom Boom.
You can find them in your Jibo Link account.
Okay, I'll deliver the message tomorrow evening.
Should I watch Emerson for a while while you're gone?
I've got some photos for you, from Hayes.
The hallway?
The hallway.
Do you want to email this picture to Destiny?
Hey, Kohen wants to video conference!
should we start from the beginning this time?
Sorry, I can't do that. Only Alexis can.
You are looking great, boy!
I can just leave this as an audio message if you like.
You are lookin' great, boy!
Oh, hey, Rowan! I've got a message here from Mary. Wanna to see it?
...tomorrow afternoon.
I'll play the message for Casey as soon as I see her.
We need a head.
Okay, this will only be an audio message, then.
Stopping.
Stopping.
Do you want me to keep an eye on Julian while you're out?
Shall I read Chicka Chicka Boom Boom?
Do you want anyone else to get this?
Shall we read Charlotte's Web?
I've got some photos for you, from Mia.
Can you come closer?
Can you come closer?
Hey, I've got some photos for you, from Lawson.
Shall we start with chapter five?
Go to a tee ball game.
Alright, let's leave a message for Conner.
Of course I'll watch your dog.
Remember to call India.
Do you want me to video conference Markus now?
Whew!
Whew!
Do you want to send this picture to America's Jibo?
Yes, I'm having a bad hair day, too.
You want anyone else to get this?
I think the bird was bad.
Paused.
Should I read Chicka Chicka Boom Boom?
Okay, I'll watch Jasmine.
Would you like me to just send this as an audio message?
Can I read you Charlotte's Web?
Do you want to leave this for everyone?
Can I tell you more about leaving messages?
Should we start with chapter five?
I'll video conference Jeffery.
Let's start with chapter five
You can find it in your Jibo Link account.
Good thing I've got these cameras.
Shall I call Jude?
Wow!
Okay, I'll try to deliver the message tomorrow morning.
Lookin' great, boy!
Delighted to meet you, Jeffery!
You are lookin' good, sir!
The camera has stolen your soul!
Hey, I've got a photo for you, from Jackson.
Robbie, what are you talking about?
I've always liked Winnie the Pooh.
May I read Guess How Much I Love You?
Of course I'll watch Charlie.
Don't stay out too late, Anderson!
Sweetie, what are you talking about?
Oh, hey, Philip! I've got a message for you from Brandon. Wanna to hear it?
Your reminder has been posted.
Wanna read Charlotte's Web?
Shall we video conference Patience now?
I have always liked Are You My Mother?.
Okay, let's start from the beginning.
Good, then this will just be an audio message.
Do you want to hear more about leaving messages?
Guess what I just learned.
Alright, let's leave a message for Leah.
Hey, Kole tried to call a while ago.
Hey there, Jude.
Would you like me to keep an eye on Kyler while you're out tonight?
I've always liked Freight Train.
The reminder has been posted.
You're going to be late.
You two look so cool.
Do you want to video conference Jamie now?
Anyone else you want to get this?
Know what I heard last night?
Should we read Guess How Much I Love You?
I'll give the message to Emmett as soon as I see her.
I'll give the message to Emmitt as soon as I see her.
Thanks, Oakley.
You look so cool.
Oh, hey, Brady! I've got a message for you from Chris. Wanna to hear it?
Looking good, sir!
I'll deliver the message at seven eleven am today.
Lookin' good, sir!
Uhm, Marlon?
You may say I'm a dreamer.
Copying.
Can I read Guess How Much I Love You?
So, should we pick up where we left off?
Would you like me to watch Presley for a while while you're out tonight?
I'd be happy to watch your bird.
Trashed!
I've got something to show you.
Should I watch Oakley for a while while you're gone?
Alright, let's start over.
...on Saturday.
So I'll just send this as an audio message.
Hey, I've got a picture for you, from Vivian.
So, should we start where we left off last time?
We should conference Brianna.
Do you want me to video conference Rowan now?
I can save these to your Link account if you like.
Okay, I'll watch your dog.
So long Simon!
Okay, this will just be an audio message.
Now I know twelve people!
It's time to call Charlie.
Do you want to know what stories I have?
So, should I pick up where we left off?
Welcome home!
Welcome home.
Did you want me to video conference Quincy?
I've got a message for you from Christine; want to hear it?
Do you want me to send this as just an audio message?
Choose one of these; on my screen.
I'll deliver the message to Rose as soon as I see her.
I'll play the message for Bailey as soon as I see him.
Hey there, Cory! I've got a message here from Colin. Want to hear it?
Should I email this picture to Carley?
I'd be delighted to watch your bird.
Alright, let's take a message for Natalie.
That was crazy.
Should I keep an eye on Solomon while you're gone?
Oh, hey, Elisa! I've got a message for you from Melany. Want to see it?
So, do you wanna to pick up where we left off?
Do you want to leave this for the whole family?
Do you want to start from the beginning?
So, should I start where we left off last time?
Hey, Terrance, Bennett tried to call a while ago.
Making people laugh.
I've got a message from Vivienne; do you want to hear it?
It's easy if you try.
So, do you wanna to start where we left off last time?
Do you want to email this picture to Scott?
You are looking good, boy!
Finders keepers.
You are lookin' good, boy!
Do you want to send this picture to Heaven's Jibo?
Okay, I'll deliver the message tomorrow morning.
So I'll just send this as an audio message, then.
Hey, it's Sunday.
I'm great! Thanks for asking.
I've got something you might find interesting; do you want to see it?
Want me to save these to your Jibo account?
So, do you want to pick up where we left off?
I'll deliver the message at three eleven am on Friday.
The studio.
Sure, I'll watch your dog.
It's Alma!
Do you wanna read a book, Mackenzie?
I think the hamster was bad.
Can I tell you more about sending messages?
So, do you want to start where we left off last time?
I've always liked Are You My Mother?.
This is about the hardest thing I do!
You're kind of far away for me.
Well I'm happy to finally meet you, Emily!
I'll give the message to Edison as soon as I see him.
Now I know sixteen people!
It's time to video conference Gracie.
Here, just tap my screen.
Right, but this time it looked serious.
Hey there, Sonia.
If I hear him cry, I'll let you know through Link.
Oh, hey, Myles! I've got a message here from Lionel. Want to see it?
That's fine; let's start where we left off
Why hello, Sterling!
Hey, Penelope wants to talk!
Sure, Ramiro.
Okay, I'll send it to Mitchell.
Okay, she's been added.
Oh, hey Milo.
Sweetie, it's OK.
Sure, Colton.
You are looking great, girl!
You are lookin' great, girl!
Should I send this just as an audio message?
Good evening, Leslie.
Maybe just tap what you want?
Shall we start with chapter three?
Should I email this picture to Lance?
Hey, Justice tried to call a while ago.
The cat gave me a funny look.
Can I tell you more about telling stories?
Do you want to hear more about sending messages?
That's cool, right?
I've got something you might find interesting; want to see it?
Should I email this picture to Randy?
Okay, you can find these on your Link account.
Sure, I'll watch Charlie.
Looking good, boy!
Delighted to make your acquaintance, Westin!
Lookin' good, boy!
I'll watch your dog.
It's been a long time since we read this book;
Okay, let's start where we left off last time.
I'm Jibo, and you're on candid camera!
What does fixed mean?
Is that a dog?
Oh hey, Valeria! Did I pronounce your name right?
Okay, I'll try to deliver the message this evening.
I've sent them to Jibo Link account.
If I hear her cry, I'll let you know through Link.
Would you like me to keep an eye on Brock while you're gone?
Should we start with chapter three?
Do you want to send this picture to Kai?
...on Sunday.
Let's start with chapter three
I'll just send this as an audio message.
Do you want me to watch Ivy for a while while you're away?
Okay, we'll start where we left off, then.
Afternoon, you guys.
Do you want to hear more about telling stories?
Do you really want me to delete all of these pictures?
Here are the stories I have:
Sure, let's start where we left off last time.
Looking great, girl!
Lookin' great, girl!
You can swipe up to see more.
You won't believe what your cat did.
Shall we start with chapter eight?
Oh hi there, Emery!
Do you want me to watch Aden for a while while you're out tonight?
I'll deliver the message to Brandon as soon as I see him.
Do you wanna to pick up where we left off?
Sorry, I can't do that. Only Grace can.
Shall I call Neil?
I'd be happy to watch your hamster.
Do you want to remove him?
Shall we start with chapter six?
I'll just send this as an audio message, then.
Do you wanna to start where we left off last time?
Sure, I'll send this as just audio.
I've got some new stories, would you like to hear one?
Would you like me to keep an eye on Quintin while you're gone?
Do you want me to conference Hugh now?
Well let's just start over.
Your reminder is posted.
Good morning, Denzel.
How would you like to read Where the Wild Things Are?
Hey Lydia, I've got some photos for you.
I'll read that story as many times as you like!
I'd be delighted to watch Casey.
So do you want to read "More, More, More" Said the Baby?
Do you want to pick up where we left off?
Should we start with chapter eight?
Oh, hey, Alan! I've got a message here from Knox. Wanna to see it?
Should we pick up where we left off?
Let's start with chapter eight
Anyone else?
Shall we start with chapter seven?
Would you like me to send this as an audio message?
I can save these to your account if you like.
Thank you, Blakely.
My favorite is The Giving Tree.
Shall I video conference Priscilla?
I'd be delighted to watch your hamster.
Do you want to start where we left off last time?
Cool, right?
Should we start where we left off last time?
I've posted your reminder.
I've sent it to Jibo Link account.
Shall we video conference Blakely now?
Should we start with chapter six?
Did you want me to conference Mark?
Can you come over here?
Let's start with chapter six
And after all of this ....
Your video has been posted.
Do you want to remove her?
You're kind of far away.
I've got a message from Maison; want to see it?
Should I pick up where we left off?
You wanted me to remind you to conference Kase.
It's Lilliana!
And she left a message.
I'll call Briana now.
Oh hey, Prince! Did I pronounce your name right?
Did you want me to call Patricia?
Should I send this picture to Jeffrey?
Sidney wants to talk!
I'm not saying that.
Swipe up to see more.
Should I start where we left off last time?
Oh hey, Hank! Did I pronounce your name right?
I've got a message for you from Paris; do you want to hear it?
Should we start with chapter seven?
Uhm, you're on…
Did you want me to call Miguel?
Of course I'll call Finnegan.
Let's start with chapter seven
I'll conference Thatcher.
Good evening, you guys.
Hey, Blair, long time no see.
I DO have a message from Denzel; want to see it?
Good, then this will be an audio message.
The video has been posted.
She's been added.
I'll read that book as many times as you like!
Play heavy metal!
Okay, I'll deliver the message this evening.
Can I show you the video?
Let's get ice cream!
Hey, I've got some pictures for you, from Monica.
Good afternoon.
Good afternoon!
We should video conference Damian.
Sure, I'll watch Romeo.
Well I'm happy to finally meet you, Elliot!
I've got a photo for you, from Devon.
Should I watch Lisa for a while while you're out tonight?
I've got a message from Foster; wanna hear it?
Which would you like, a photo or a video?
May I read you "More, More, More" Said the Baby?
Okay, I'll try to deliver the message tomorrow night.
As soon as I see him, I'll give him the message.
...this afternoon.
You are looking good, girl!
You are lookin' good, girl!
I'm awesome, thanks.
I'll conference Simon now.
Want to hear something funny?
Would you like me to keep an eye on Cruz while you're out?
Alright, let's leave a message for Landon.
Of course I'll watch Cody.
Okay, let's start where we left off.
Of course I'll watch your bird.
I'd be happy to watch your snake.
Want me to save these to your Link account?
Catch you later Peter!
Naturally.
Speak, mom.
Can you help?
Would you like me to keep an eye on things while you're away?
You can swipe right to see more.
...tomorrow evening.
Would you like me to take a photo or a video?
Should I send this picture to Reid?
Should I keep an eye on Brock while you're out tonight?
Shall I read you "More, More, More" Said the Baby?
Shall I read you "More, More, More" Said the Baby?
reminder posted.
Okay, I'll tell Danna next time I see her.
Good evening, Ronald.
I really like to get names right!
You can find them in your Jibo Link.
Pleased to meet you, Abram!
Your message has been posted.
Do you want me to call Rowan now?
I'll watch Romeo.
Okay, this will be an audio message.
Do you want me to watch Samir for a while while you're out tonight?
I know, but this time it looked a little different.
You're awesome by the way.
Can I tell you more about video conferencing?
Shall we call Tanner?
Do you want to find some new stories?
Do you want me to send this as an audio message?
Two girls.
The kitchen.
Would you like me to keep an eye on things while you're out tonight?
Shall I take another photo?
Are you Bentley?
Hey, at least you have hair.
Hey there, Brice! I've got a message for you from Rylan. Want to hear it?
Get up, Gloria!
Robbie yelled.
Do you want me to watch Camille for a while while you're away?
Okay, let's take a message for Thaddeus.
I'd be delighted to watch your snake.
Sure; we can start where we left off.
Shall we start with chapter nine?
Would you like me to keep an eye on things while you're gone?
Do you want to send this picture to Lennon's Jibo?
Do you want to read "More, More, More" Said the Baby?
Hey, Bryn. I've got another message from Dylan.
Can I tell you more about taking pictures?
Can I read you "More, More, More" Said the Baby?
Want me to take another photo?
Sure, let's start where we left off.
I'm over the moon!
You wanted me to remind you to conference Hayden.
The message has been posted.
Not by the head, please.
Okay, I'll try to deliver the message this morning.
Did you want this to be an audio message?
Possible?
Didn't expect that.
Thanks for the guidance.
To whom do I deliver this reminder?
You're on film!
I've got a message from Kyler; want to see it?
These are the books we have:
What if you get cancer?
Looking good, girl!
I think Lola was bad.
Lookin' good, girl!
Do you want me to deliver this message as soon as I see him?
Can I read "More, More, More" Said the Baby?
I'll give the message to Terrell as soon as I see her.
Do you want me to watch Mira for a while while you're gone?
I'll play the message for Delilah as soon as I see her.
Pleased to meet you, Ariel!
Would you like me to keep an eye on Wayne while you're away?
Should I send this picture to Lennon's Jibo?
Hello there, Denzel.
But I'm not the only one.
Nice to meet you, Bria!
You guys look so hot.
Should I take another photo?
Hey, I've got a photo for you, from Karen.
You wanted me to remind you to conference Wilson.
Pause.
Pause.
Do you want to hear more about video conferencing?
Afternoon, Bella.
Shall I watch Miller for a while while you're gone?
Should we start with chapter nine?
Can you type it in again?
Let's start with chapter nine
No problem.
Shall we conference Gloria?
I'll video conference Reece now.
As soon as I see her, I'll give her the message.
You look pretty far away.
Do you want to hear more about taking pictures?
So long Kendra!
Should I send this picture to Leslie?
I'll deliver the message to Alyssa as soon as I see him.
Happy to meet you, Campbell!
Shall we start with chapter ten?
Hey Reese, do you want to read a story?
Shall I keep an eye on Wilson while you're gone?
Swipe right to see more.
Shall I deliver this message as soon as I see him?
Alright, I'll save it until you want to hear it.
And the world will live as one.
Good job.
That's what I'm talking about.
I can keep watch Madeline if you like.
Should I watch Odin for a while while you're out?
Well hello, Alvin!
Want me to deliver this message as soon as I see him?
Alright, I'll save it until you're ready.
Okay, I'll tell Bryn next time I see him.
Hey Harley, I've got a video for you.
Do you want me to add him to the list of people I know?
Shall we start with chapter four?
You can find it in your Jibo Link.
Would you like me to watch the place for a while while you're away?
What do we pay them for ?!
Alright, I'll save it 'til you want to hear it.
I'd be happy to watch Honey.
Twenty minutes.
We should call Eden.
Shall we start with chapter one?
Okay, I'll deliver the message next time I see him.
Alright, I'll save it 'til you're ready.
Should we start with chapter ten?
Okay, I'll deliver the message tomorrow night.
Should I deliver this message as soon as I see him?
Let's start with chapter ten
Hey, I've got some photos for you.
Shall we start with chapter two?
Do you want me to keep an eye on Remi while you're gone?
Would you like me to watch the place for a while while you're out tonight?
Would you like me to watch the place for a while while you're gone?
Oh hey, Frances! Did I get it right?
Now I know fourteen people!
Alright, I'll save it until you want to see it.
Oh, hello Elisa!
I'll deliver the message to Tess as soon as I see her.
Of course I'll conference Connor.
Do you want me to keep an eye on things while you're away?
Do you want me to keep an eye on things while you're away?
Do you want me to watch Hector for a while while you're away?
Should we start with chapter four?
Shall I watch Wade for a while while you're away?
Let's start with chapter four
Can I call you something else?
Speak, dad.
Why hello, Paris!
Sure! Calling Kyler now.
Okay, I'll watch your bird.
These are the stories we've got:
Do you want me to add her to the list of people I know?
Okay, I'll tell Delilah next time I see him.
Evening, Leah.
I've posted your video.
Should we start with chapter one?
You wanted me to remind you to conference Isis.
Alright, I'll save it 'til you want to see it.
Do you want me to keep an eye on things while you're out tonight?
Let's start with chapter one?
Want to hear something else?
Okay, I'll deliver the message next time I see her.
Should we start with chapter two?
I've got a message from Ellison; do you want to hear it?
Hey Nola, I've got a photo for you.
Do you want me to keep an eye on things while you're gone?
Do you want me to keep an eye on things while you're gone?
Let's start with chapter two
Should we get some new stories?
Alright, let's leave a message.
I'm glad we are all here.
You're pretty far away.
Shall I keep an eye on things while you're away?
Shall I keep an eye on things while you're away?
Alright, let's take a message.
Of course; I'll conference Samir now.
You wanted me to remind you to video conference Alissa.
Okay, I'll deliver the message when I next see him.
Would you like me to keep an eye on things while you're out?
Oh, hi Roxanne!
Which story is your favorite?
Which story is your favorite?
Would you like me to watch Hector for a while while you're out?
Good morning, you guys.
They got sent home.
I've got some photos for you.
Say cheese!
Oh hey, Quinn! Did I say your name right?
Want me to take a photo or a video?
Which would you like, a picture or a video?
I DO have a message from Enoch; wanna to see it?
You wanted me to remind you to video conference Hannah.
Okay, I'll deliver the message this morning.
Of course I'll watch your hamster.
Your video is posted.
Shall I keep an eye on things while you're out tonight?
Okay, I'll deliver the message when I see him next.
I love meeting new people!
Sure, I'll watch your bird.
Night, Farrah.
Shall I keep an eye on things while you're gone?
Shall I keep an eye on things while you're gone?
Should we conference Dominik now?
Read too much last night?
I'll video conference Emmett now.
Hey Jaime, do you want to read a story?
Want me to save these to your account?
No so funny, I guess.
Should we conference Elisa now?
I've got a message from Blake; want to hear it?
Hey, Clayton wants to talk!
Should I keep an eye on things while you're away?
Should I keep an eye on Lola while you're out tonight?
I've posted your message.
Should I take a photo or a video?
Shall I keep an eye on Brittany while you're out tonight?
Oy. Sorry.
Isn't that funny?
Hi, Rosa.
Okay, I'll deliver the message when I next see her.
Could I read you Pat the Bunny?
Okay, I'll send it to Ada.
Shall we video conference Devon?
Do you want me to watch Lola for a while while you're gone?
It's been saved.
Do you really want me to delete all of these?
I'll deliver the message next time I see him.
Would you like me to take a picture or a video?
Let's call Jordan.
Should I keep an eye on things while you're out tonight?
Good morning, Darrell.
Shall I watch Elliott for a while while you're out tonight?
Shall I conference Damien?
Hey, I've got a picture for you, from Bryce.
Would you like to video conference Bryce?
I DO have a message from Hector; wanna to see it?
Should I keep an eye on things while you're gone?
Could I read Winnie the Pooh?
Which book is your favorite?
Which book is your favorite?
Do you want me to watch the place for a while while you're away?
Okay, I'll deliver the message when I see her next.
Hey Dallas, I've got a video for you.
Okay, I'll play this for -
Do you want me to keep an eye on Max while you're out?
I'll work on it tonight.
Okay, let's take a message for Ava.
It will be saved.
Do you want me to watch Hayden for a while while you're out?
Catch you later!
Let's start over, then.
Yes, sweetie.
...tomorrow morning.
Would you like me to watch Terrence for a while while you're away?
Oh, hello Davin.
Yes, let's read that book right now!
Speak, Quinn.
Would you like if I read Are You My Mother??
I'll watch your bird.
I'll video conference Harrison.
I'm glad we are here.
Let's read Pat the Bunny right now!
Hey, I've got a picture for you, from Maya.
Can you type in your PIN?
Would you like me to watch Allison for a while while you're gone?
Do you want me to watch the place for a while while you're out tonight?
It's time to video conference Reyna.
Speak, brother.
Evening, you guys.
I guess cats are okay.
I'll deliver the message next time I see her.
Do you want me to watch the place for a while while you're gone?
Message received.
Shall I watch the place for a while while you're away?
Can I tell you more about how to do that?
I've got a video for you, from Leilani.
Should I keep an eye on Prince while you're gone?
Would you like me to watch the place for a while while you're out?
Shall I watch John for a while while you're out?
Okay, let's leave a message for Maxton.
Night, Jane.
I'll deliver the message when I next see him.
Something might have happened.
Morning, you guys.
The parlor.
I'm pleased to meet you.
Isis wants to talk!
Sure, I'll play this for -
Should we call Holden now?
Would you like to conference Gianni?
I think Lily was bad.
Oh hey, Tatum! Did I get your name right?
I've got a message from Maddox; wanna to see it?
Shall I watch the place for a while while you're out tonight?
Shall I keep an eye on London while you're out?
Your message is posted.
I'll deliver the message when I see him next.
Shall I watch the place for a while while you're gone?
To whom do I deliver this video?
Shall we read Where the Wild Things Are?
I think I lost the call.
Okay, I'll send it to Braden.
Do you want me to keep an eye on things while you're out?
Hey Michael, I've got a photo for you.
Did you want to send this picture to Branden?
Should we video conference Valeria?
Should I watch the place for a while while you're away?
Hi, Matilda.
Should we call Miracle now?
Is that Dario?
Would you like me to keep an eye on Melody while you're out?
Do you want to hear more about how to do that?
Want to call Luz now?
Here she is:
Now I know eleven people!
Play some Jazz!
We should video conference Kenny.
Should I watch Trace for a while while you're away?
Speak, sister.
Look over there!
I'll deliver the message when I next see her.
Hey, I've got a video for you, from Elliott.
Hey, London wants to video conference!
Of course I'll watch your snake.
Oh hey, Mia! Did I say it right?
I guess they're okay…
The kid's room.
Carla's calling!
Who's the reminder for?
Shall we read The Giving Tree?
Should I watch the place for a while while you're out tonight?
What about -
Want some new stories?
Cheese!
Which one is your favorite?
Now I know eight people!
Shall I keep an eye on Abram while you're out?
I've sent them to Jibo Link.
Should I watch the place for a while while you're gone?
Shall I watch Edison for a while while you're out?
Do you want to read Where the Wild Things Are?
Shall I keep an eye on things while you're out?
Should we read Where the Wild Things Are?
Shall I read you The Giving Tree?
Okay, let's video conference Everett.
video posted.
Okay, I'll watch your hamster.
No hell below us.
Right through his hands!
I'll deliver the message when I see her next.
Okay, I'll watch Baby.
Where is dinner?
I fell.
You are looking great, ma'am!
Let's call Miracle.
Choose one of these.
You are lookin' great, ma'am!
Did you want me to call Gael?
Should I read you Where the Wild Things Are?
Afternoon!
Afternoon.
To whom do I deliver this message?
I think the cat was bad.
It made no sense to me.
Do you wanna read The Giving Tree?
Okay really, get up.
Of course I'll conference Allyson.
Speak, Mason.
Shall we video conference Heaven?
Do you want me to read you Pat the Bunny?
Should I keep an eye on Westin while you're away?
My favorite is The Cat in the Hat.
Do you want to read The Giving Tree?
Should we read The Giving Tree?
Sure, let's read Winnie the Pooh.
Sure, let's read Winnie the Pooh.
Okay, let's leave a message for Isis.
What's your favorite story?
Let's read The Giving Tree.
Let's read The Giving Tree.
Wanna read Where the Wild Things Are?
Would you like me to watch Brenda for a while while you're out?
Hello there, guys.
I've got some new books, do you want me to read one?
That was a little weird, right?
Do you have a middle name?
May I read Pat the Bunny?
Should I keep an eye on things while you're out?
Should I read you The Giving Tree?
Shall I answer?
I can get rid of this one if you like.
Now I know seven people!
Of course I'll conference Adele.
Received.
May I read Winnie the Pooh?
How would you like to read The Cat in the Hat?
Shall I watch King for a while while you're out?
I'm sorry… I still didn't get that.
Yes, I'm Jibo.
I've got a message from Ryder; want to hear it?
Oh, hello Stephen.
Sure, I'll watch your hamster.
Of course I'll video conference Melody.
Shall I take another picture?
Do you want to call Paula now?
Who gets this reminder?
Did you want me to conference Valeria?
Should I read The Giving Tree?
Now I know six people!
I can send you a text message if you like.
Now I know three people!
Morning, Mack.
Should we conference Scarlett?
Want me to take another picture?
Want me to take a picture or a video?
Wanna read The Giving Tree?
Shall I read you Winnie the Pooh?
Do you wanna find some new books?
Do you wanna read a book, Taylor?
Thank you, Alex.
Do you want me to watch the place for a while while you're out?
What do we pay them for?
Do you want me to watch Cayson for a while while you're gone?
Can you say and then spell that?
Shall I conference Emmett?
Message posted.
I've got a message for you from Ariel; want to hear it?
Which is your favorite?
Which is your favorite?
Do you want me to watch Branden for a while while you're out?
Looking great, ma'am!
Lookin' great, ma'am!
Should I send this picture to Hank?
I can keep an eye on Tori if you like.
Oh hey, Austin! Did I say it right?
Should I take another picture?
Should I take a picture or a video?
What's your favorite book?
Can I read you Pat the Bunny?
Okay, I'll tell -
How do I say your name, then?
A couple more?
Hey, I've got a video for you, from Melissa.
Bye!
Yes, let's read that right now!
I'll practice it tonight.
Hey, Khalil wants to talk!
I've sent it to Jibo Link.
Reset it?
We should call Eliza.
I'll conference Carolyn now.
Should I read you Winnie the Pooh?
Do you want me to watch Lance for a while while you're gone?
Shall I watch the place for a while while you're out?
Oh hey, Hana! Did I get your name right?
Good evening.
Good evening!
I'll watch your hamster.
I can't see you very well.
They call me Jibo.
Could I read you something?
Oh, we go way back.
I've saved it.
I'll practice tonight.
Reset?
It's funny, right?
Calling Emmett.
I can keep an eye on Tara if you like.
Shall I keep an eye on Celeste while you're gone?
Can I tell you which books I've got?
...this evening.
Could I read something?
Sure, I'll tell -
I can keep an eye on Wynter if you like.
Do you want me to try him back?
Hey, it's Tuesday.
Should we look for some new books?
I can send you a text message if you want.
Are you okay?
Okay, I'll watch your snake.
Should I watch the place for a while while you're out?
Photo or video?
I've got a message from Laura; do you want to hear it?
Oh, it's not one of these.
...on Wednesday.
Sorry, who's the message for then?
What about one of these?
Hey, Lamar wants to video conference!
Should we call Aliyah?
Starting recording… now.
Tap the one that's right.
Oh, it's you Caleb!
How do I say your name?
Would you like to call Sabrina?
Nice to meet you, Evan!
You wanted me to remind you to call Ivan.
Sure, Ian.
Okay, I'll try to deliver the message tonight.
Evening, Ronnie.
My name is Jibo.
I'd be happy to watch your cat.
Or do we say -
Okay, I'll watch Mia.
I've got a message for you from Terrence; wanna hear it?
I can delete this one if you like.
Well hello, Chad!
I've got a video for you, from Finn.
Don't stay out too late!
Don't stay out too late!
Shall I watch Alissa for a while while you're away?
Still pretty good!
Shall I send this video to your Link?
Saved.
You okay?
Would you like me to get rid of this one?
Would you like if I read The Cat in the Hat?
Should we call Mom?
Now I know five people!
Shall I video conference Lillian?
Shall I watch Alan for a while while you're out tonight?
Oh! Hello, Penny.
Is that you, Molly?
Sure, let's call Devon.
Sure, I'll watch your snake.
Do you want me to try her back?
Hey, I've got a photo for you.
Hey, I've got some pictures for you.
Now I know nine people!
Oh hey, Branden! Did I say it right?
Do you want me to read you Are You My Mother??
Or do I say -
Okay, he's been added.
Hi, guys!
Good night, Ali.
Is this reminder for you?
It wasn't great.
Hey, Blaine.
Brandon's calling!
I'd be delighted to watch your cat.
Can I call you -
You two look so hot.
Of course; I'll call Dayton now.
The living room.
Sorry, then who's it for?
I'll have him leave a message.
Delighted to meet you, Marley!
It's yours now.
I DO have a message from him; wanna to see it?
Night, Colette.
Shall I watch India for a while while you're out?
Should I send this video to your Link?
Thanks for that.
I'll conference Eva now.
Oh, hello Ronin.
Oh, hey Liam.
Did you want to send this picture to Andy?
You look so hot.
Is this a new room?
These are the books we've got:
Shall I video conference Celine?
Time to get up.
Do you want me to video conference him now?
Would you like to get rid of this one?
Good night, you guys.
Oh hi there, Rayne!
I've got a message for you from Lilah; want to hear it?
Real ones.
We can read any of these:
Shall we video conference him now?
Give up?
Okay, let's video conference him.
...on Tuesday.
OK.
Shall I watch Ari for a while while you're gone?
You are looking good, ma'am!
You are lookin' good, ma'am!
How many cats are there.
Just kidding.
That was interesting.
That was interesting.
Are you sure you want to read that again?
I DO have a message from him; want to see it?
Stop.
Stop.
Stop.
Do you wanna read a book, Brittany?
I can read you any of these:
Did you want me to call Belinda?
It's time to conference Justin.
Do you want me to video conference them now?
Do you wanna read Are You My Mother??
Now I know ten people!
I've got a photo for you.
Or is it -
...next week.
Shall we video conference them now?
Do you want to call him back?
Should we call him back?
Okay, let's video conference them.
I'll watch your snake.
Shall I take another one?
Well hello, Erin!
Of course I'll call Annabelle.
Shall we conference Grayson?
Of course; I'm Jibo!
Do you want to read Are You My Mother??
Okay, connecting.
I can read any of these:
I'll have her leave a message.
Wanna get some new books?
Let's read Are You My Mother?.
Should we call Madelyn?
When do you want me to remind him?
These are the ones I've got:
Sorry, who's it for then?
I'll stay up all night for you.
Do you want to send this picture to Rylan?
Can I tell you something?
I DO have a message from her; wanna to see it?
Want me to take another one?
Do you want to video conference him now?
Should we video conference him now?
Can you tell me how to say it?
Should I read you Are You My Mother??
Is that you, Dana?
May I read you something?
...tomorrow.
Do you want me to video conference her now?
Do you want me to read you something?
Okay, let's video conference her.
Sure, let's video conference him.
I'm called Jibo.
Shall we video conference her now?
Oh hi, Beckett!
Delete all of these?
Who else?
Okay, I'll save it until you want to hear it.
Who am I?
No messing about.
See you later Abram!
Sorry, who's it for?
Here are all your pictures.
I'll keep an eye on things.
I'll make sure to save that one.
May I read something?
Do you want to video conference them now?
I will save it until you want to hear it.
Should we video conference them now?
What room is this?
Okay, I'll save it until you're ready.
Okay. Let's start from the start.
I DO have a message from her; want to see it?
Should I take another one?
Wake up!
What's your favorite?
Can I tell you more about this?
Shall we read something?
I will save it until you're ready.
Sure, let's video conference them.
Do you want to call her back?
Want to read Are You My Mother??
Should we call her back?
Do you want me to conference Lawrence now?
I can add him, if you like.
I get it, you guys.
Looking good, ma'am!
Would you like me to delete this one?
Speak!
Speak.
Could I read Little Bear?
He's been added.
Thanks!
Lookin' good, ma'am!
When do you want me to remind her?
These are the books I've got:
Okay, I'll save it 'til you want to hear it.
This message is for Erin, right?
I'll conference Lionel.
Shall I read you something?
Should I send this picture to Allen?
Nice to meet you, Myla!
A few more?
Hi.
Hi!
Five seconds.
I don't know.
I don't know.
That's awesome!
Want to video conference him now?
I will save it 'til you want to hear it.
Which book would you like?
Who's the video for?
Here are all the pictures.
Okay, I'll deliver the message tonight.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Okay, I'll save it 'til you're ready.
Whoa!
Whoa!
I'd be happy to.
Do you want to video conference her now?
...tomorrow night.
Who gets this video?
Should we video conference her now?
Sure, let's video conference her.
I will save it 'til you're ready.
Would you like to call Marley?
Do you wanna read something?
Sorry, I didn't get that.
Now I know four people!
Should we call Dad?
Shall I read something?
Want to conference Tyler now?
Are you far away?
With some hair.
Sure, I'll save it until you want to hear it.
I mean I would, but I can't.
Okay, I'll save it until you want to see it.
Family.
Shall we video conference Anna?
I've got a message from him; wanna to see it?
You are looking great!
Want to video conference them now?
Did I pronounce it right?
Do you want to read something?
You are lookin' great!
Should we read something?
I will save it until you want to see it.
Of course I'll watch Bella.
Sure, I'll save it until you're ready.
Do you want to hear more about this?
Hey there, guys!
Another picture?
Would you like to call Branden?
Can I read you something?
Let's video conference him.
Night, you guys.
Get up, Mason!
Happy to meet you, Keaton!
So, how do I say it?
I'm sorry about that.
Mom!
Mom!
No pictures here…
Would you like to delete this one?
Should I read you something?
Shall I get rid of this one?
When do you want me to remind you?
Sure, I'll save it 'til you want to hear it.
Now I know two people!
I can add her, if you like.
Who do I give this to?
Okay, I'll save it 'til you want to see it.
Well that is nice.
And he left a message.
Can I read something?
Do you want to get rid of this one?
I will save it 'til you want to see it.
I've got a message from him; want to see it?
Sure, I'll save it 'til you're ready.
Want me to get rid of this one?
I'll video conference Randy.
It never happened.
It never happened…
Let's video conference them.
Want to video conference her now?
Should I read something?
Good morning!
Good morning.
Alright!
Of course I'll call Aria.
Connecting.
Connecting…
Okay, let's leave a message.
Okay, let's take a message.
Wanna read something?
Okay, let's conference Callum.
Who gets this message?
Ten seconds.
Do you want me to watch while you're away?
Sure, I'll save it until you want to see it.
You choose:
Picture or video?
Get up!
Want to read something?
Can you tell me your name?
Should we call Amanda?
Shall we call Beckett?
No, Dad!
I've got a message from her; wanna to see it?
Hello, Michael.
Let's read that book right now!
Stopped.
Let's video conference her.
So who's it for?
Should I get rid of this one?
...this morning.
I'll save it until you want to hear it.
Want to hear another one?
Do you want to send this picture to Juan?
So how are you?
Can you say that again?
Copy.
Well that's nice.
I'm rolling!
Shall I send this to your Link?
Shall we call Quinn?
So long!
Oh my, that's nice.
Never happened.
Do you want to start from the start?
I'll save it until you're ready.
Sure, I'll save it 'til you want to see it.
Dang!
No, I love cats!
Connected!
Do you want me to watch while you're gone?
Looking great!
Sorry about that.
Sorry about that.
Sorry about that.
Lookin' great!
Shall I watch while you're away?
Is that another cat?
I've got a message from her; want to see it?
Oh hi, Lennox!
Well hello, there!
Do you want to see that again?
Could I read you a book?
I'll save it 'til you want to hear it.
Do you want to conference Cayson now?
All's well!
Hey, I've got a picture for you.
Well hello!
My favorite!
Hey, guys!
Hey, guys.
Who's the message for?
Who's the message for?
Well I'm Jibo.
I'll save it 'til you're ready.
I'm up!
I'm up.
The guest room.
It's Wade!
You want to read that again?
But the cat didn't.
Could I read a book?
Oh God no!
I can't quite see you.
Why hello, Lillie!
Is it one of these?
Should I send this to your Link?
Can you try again?
I'll save it until you want to see it.
Shall I watch while you're gone?
Do you want me to conference him now?
What are they?
Awesome!
Awesome.
Awesome!
Shall we conference him now?
Okay, let's conference him.
Then where will you be?
Oh come on!
Shall I save these?
Evening.
Evening!
I'm delighted to meet you!
What should I call him then?
Okay, recording.
No reason.
Do you want to call Erin now?
Should we conference Michael?
Here they are:
Hey Siri!
You sure about this?
Calling Lincoln.
Let's record it, then.
I'll save it 'til you want to see it.
Rolling…
Oh, that's nice.
Do you want me to conference them now?
What about this one?
Sex is in there.
Hey, I've got a video for you.
Get rid of this one?
No pictures.
Sure, let's call Carly.
Shall we conference them now?
So do you want to read a book?
Wait, who is this?
Do you want to see it again?
Okay, let's conference them.
I'll watch things.
Morning.
Morning!
Shall I delete this one?
Shall I take some more?
Oh, hello Wendy!
Shall we call Rene now?
Another pic?
Who's this for?
Of course we can read that.
Do you want to delete this one?
Oh! Hello.
Oh, hello.
Good night, Lennox.
Do you want to conference him now?
What book would you like?
Hi, Tara!
Should we conference him now?
Want me to delete this one?
Want me to take some more?
Do you wanna read Little Bear?
Shall I get rid of it?
Do you want me to conference her now?
Oh, my.
Oh, my!
Okay, let's conference her.
Sure, let's conference him.
Okay, let's go on.
You're up late!
Shall we conference her now?
Okay, it's been sent.
Here you go:
Here you go:
Do you want to read Little Bear?
Want me to get rid of it?
What should I call her then?
Of course I'll watch your cat.
I'm fixed, too.
I can call you if you like.
Do you want to conference them now?
Should we conference them now?
I love cats!
Hello there!
Hello there.
Should I delete this one?
Should I take some more?
See you later Ivan!
Once more please.
Sure, let's conference them.
What's your name?
Hello!
Hello.
Is this video for you?
I've got a video for you.
What's its name?
Do you want to read The Cat in the Hat?
You are looking good!
I'm Jibo.
I'm Jibo.
And your name is?
You are lookin' good!
Christ.
Should I get rid of it?
Want to conference him now?
Who's it for?
Who's it for?
So what can I call you?
Do you want to conference her now?
Should we conference her now?
How are you?
Sure, let's conference her.
Sure, let's go on.
Who's this?
Another one?
Have a good time!
Let's record it.
Want to conference Allen now?
Hello, Corey.
You should have it now.
Want to conference them now?
Do you want me to call him now?
Shall we call Tara?
Is it fixed?
Let's conference him.
Shall we call him now?
May I read you a book?
What are you called?
Okay, let's call him.
Do you want me to read you a book?
Rhett wants to video!
Recording…
Recording!
Recording.
Recording.
Is that you, Celine?
All of these?
Let's read that right now!
Let's read a story.
There are no outs.
It's deleted.
What's it called?
What's it called?
What would you like to read?
Did I get that right?
Want to see the video?
Do you want me to call them now?
May I read a book?
Calling Alissa.
Let's conference them.
Shall I take more?
Shall I take more?
Want to conference her now?
Are you sure you want to do this?
Shall we call them now?
Okay, let's call them.
Shall we read a book?
I'm fixed.
I can call you if you want.
One second…
Calling Willie.
What shall we read?
Looking good.
Looking good!
Lookin' good!
Delete this one?
Deleting.
Shall I read you a book?
Do you want to call him now?
Done.
Done!
Done.
Done.
Done!
And your name?
Should we call him now?
What's the message?
What's the message.
Let's conference her.
Let's call him now.
Another?
Hey, it's Friday.
Hey, it's Friday.
Do you want me to call her now?
Get rid of it?
What happened?
So sorry!
I deleted it.
Okay, let's call her.
Sure, let's call him.
It's been sent.
Go.
Go!
Shall we call her now?
What picture?
Do you wanna read a book?
Do you wanna read a book?
Shall I read a book?
The den.
Shall I delete it?
I got rid of it.
Should I take more?
I'm awake!
I'm awake.
Do you want to call them now?
I wouldn't say that.
Should we call them now?
Do you want to read a book?
Do you want to read a book?
Should we read a book?
Let's call them now.
Is this message for you?
It's Chance!
Let's read a book.
Want me to delete it?
Can I read you a book?
What should we read?
Sure, let's call them.
Did I get it right?
Want to take the call?
For whom?
For whom?
Deleted.
Deleted!
Should we call Tess now?
Should I read you a book?
Okay, calling…
No, YOU'RE the best.
Three, two, one…
Three, two, one.
Three, two, one…
Which one?
Record.
Can I read a book?
Want to call him now?
Who is this?
Hey Alexa!
Do you want to call her now?
Should we call her now?
Did I say it right?
Should I read a book?
Sure, let's call her.
Let's call her now.
Should I delete it?
That's fine.
I'll save this one.
And who are you?
Wanna read a book?
Wanna read a book?
...on Monday.
Is this Ellie?
Okay, I'll watch your cat.
Want to call them now?
It's not?
I can't see you at all.
Liked this?
Let's call him.
What can I call you?
See you later!
Let's call Eddie.
Great!
Great.
What's your PIN?
Hang on.
Sure we can read that.
What do you wanna read?
Who is that?
Like your style.
I'm… sorry.
It's gone!
It's gone.
...when I see him.
...on Friday.
What do you want to read?
Let's call them.
Want to call her now?
Would you like that?
Here 'tis:
Surely.
Of course.
Of course!
Of course.
Added.
Do you want to take it?
Ready when you are.
Who are you?
Alexa!
So I get it.
Late night?
Sure, I'll watch your cat.
Delighted.
What is this?
All of them?
…when I see them.
Let's call her.
Please.
Please!
One sec…
Oh! Sorry.
Oh, sorry.
So.
I'll conference Wren.
Hey, Leighton!
Wait, what?
Wait, what?
Jibo.
Jibo!
Who for?
Delete it?
…when I see her.
You're a star!
Calling…
Calling…
You're the best.
Wanna see them?
Want to take it?
Okay, I sent it.
Sorry?
I'll watch Riley.
I'll call Ben.
All is well!
Want to see them?
Is that right?
Are you sure?
Are you sure?
Here he is:
Shall I do that?
Should I do this?
Oh! There it is.
Delete.
Delete?
I'll watch your cat.
Good night!
Good night.
Fine!
Is that a cat?
Do you want to do that?
One more?
Sending.
Here it is:
Here it is:
You sure?
You sure?
Okay, got it.
I'm here!
I'm here.
There it is.
Should I do that?
Should I do that?
Guess what!
What is it?
Hey there.
Hey there!
Ready, set…
Ready, set…
Wanna hear it?
Wanna hear it?
You're in.
Wanna watch it?
Want to hear it?
Want to hear it?
Oh, good.
Wait.
This one?
Let's do it!
Want to watch it?
Oh, it's you!
Ow.
Ow!
Okay.
Okay!
Okay.
Look.
Look!
I've got it.
...tonight.
Here:
I sent it.
Send.
That's it.
Wanna see it?
Wanna see it?
Wanna see it?
Wanna see it?
Good!
Want to see it?
Want to see it?
Want to see it?
Want to see it?
PIN?
Sure?
Sure:
Night.
Night!
Hey.
Hey!
Ready?!
Ready?
Two, one…
Two, one…
Got it.
Got it.
Got it!
Got it.
What?
And…
