Pero dejando de lado que nuestras vidas son aburridísimas y justo ayer fui bombardeado por notificaciones de un startupero gringo que transmitía cuando metía la ropa a la lavadora y cuando la ponía a secar y cuando la doblaba y cuando la desdoblaba para ponérsela, Periscope ya nos demostró en los disturbios de Baltimore cómo funcionó para que los verdaderos involucrados compartieran lo que pasó en tiempo real, sin filtros y sin pretextos de esa es una foto vieja de otra huelga no inventen revoltosos, nos llevó al corazón de eventos en vivo, desde la Gala del Met antes que nadie y sin la aburrida transmisión de E! 
, hasta la pelea de Pacquiao y Mayweather con el consiguiente berrinche sobre piratería y no se vale que graben mi pelea y me agarren de mis millones, pero ese es tema para otro post. 
Internet nos regaló la hermosa posibilidad de descubrir talentos maravillosos en todos los ámbitos, desde Susan Boyle en la música, hasta E.L. James en las letras. 
Bueno, olviden lo de maravilloso y sólo digamos que no los habrían descubierto de otro modo. 
Sin YouTube Susan Boyle nunca habría dejado de ser roommate de su gato y su disco debut no habría sido el más vendido del 2009 encima de Michael Jackson, Lady Gaga y Taylor Swift. 
Y sin los foros de fan fiction de Twilight no existiría 50 Shades of Grey y sus 100 millones de copias. 
GRACIAS INTERNET. 
Sí. 
Así como se la imaginan, con consejos útiles como sonriendo y viendo a la cámara para que la gente se sienta en contacto contigo y con un fondo claro para que llames más la atención. 
En serio. 
Los mismos consejos que daría tu tía de San Miguel si mañana la vuelves conferencista. 
Como si la receta para el éxito estuviera en tu foto de perfil. 
Como si al final de cuentas lo más importante no fuera el contenido. 
Y no es que Guy pierda algo de mérito o su trabajo de una vida no tenga valor, lo importante de esto es mirar como la misma tecnología que nos ayuda a construir una imagen, puede dejarnos encuerados y desvalidos frente al mundo en un minutito. 
Não sei você mais eu tenho a tendencia a me acomodar, quando uma situação esta confortavel eu tendo a ficar num canto quentinho e a aproveitar a situação enquanto dura, porem sempre que tenho me acomodado depois de algum tempo o mundo tem me dado um tapa e me tirado dessa zona de conforto. 
Já aconteceu com você alguma vez? 
Quem não que atire a primeira pedra. 
Entrei em contato com varios humoristas que me recomendaram a Larissa Camara ela já se apresentou com Rafinha Bastos, Danilo Gentile, Fabio Porchat, Léo Lins, Dani Calabresa, Oscar Filho, entre outros e topou em fazer uma turma especial do seu Workshop para Iniciantes em Standup Comedy aqui para a turma da Germinadora, como tem umas poucas vagas sobrando decidimos abrir para outras pessoas. 
So tem algumas vagas e as inscrições estão fechando nesta semana, porem se quiser participar junto com a gente e aprender a rir e fazer os outros rir ainda da tempo para se inscrever, de qualquer forma se perder esta turma tambem não tem problema, você pode usar do teu espirito empreendedor e fazer o que eu fiz e organizar uma turma só pra você e teus amigos, a Larissa vai adorar ... 
Obrigado por me acompanhar até aqui neste quase que desabafo, eu falei sobre como eu lido com estas situações, mais e você? 
quero saber como você lida com estas situações? 
você acha que é importante para empreendedores saber lidar com os seus sentimentos? 
Comenta por favor, agora fiquei com curiosidade, e não perde a oportunidade de aprender a rir com a gente. 
Change the story's title and subtitle as neededStorie tragicomiche da tarda serata, in una periferia romana qualsiasi. 
Palazzi, solo palazzi, nient' altro che palazzi. 
In mezzo alla strada, si spegne la macchina. 
Ok, colpa mia, erano giorni che camminavo in riserva. 
Con l’indicatore della spia che avrebbe fatto un giro completo a 360 °, se solo avesse potuto. 
Improvvisamente penso al mio ex ragazzo liparoto, che metteva gas non appena la lancetta virava leggermente sul rosso. 
Lo prendevo sempre in giro. 
Maddai, con quella ci fai almeno altri 3 o 4 giri dell' isola, dicevo. 
Ecco, lui non mi ha dato mai retta. 
E io sono rimasta a piedi. 
Per fortuna poco lontano, ma mica tanto vicino, c' è un benzinaio. 
Tocca spingere, la macchina è pesante, e io sono comunque una ragazza, per di più gracile e delicata. 
La strada è deserta ed è tardi. 
Mother's Day. 
The one day a year we get to cash in our Mom Card so that we can have and do whatever we want. 
I love that we can choose to either make our spouses and children spend the entire day with us which somehow feels a little like we're punishing them, or make them stay as far away from us as possible. 
Either way, they're not allowed to get offended, because it's Mother's Day. 
One of my favorite Mother's Day gifts was when my daughter was younger, and she'd make me coupons. 
Things like, good for a free hug or a night off from the dishes. 
I thought they were adorable. 
In fact, I'd still like to receive those coupons, only now that she's a tween, I'd like them to look something like this: 
Moms, it's the best job we 'll ever have. 
And infinitely the toughest. 
How will you be spending your Mother's Day? 
Instead of reading to you at bedtime, I'm going to tweet using only words appropriate for your grade level. 
So follow me. 
That's where you're wrong. 
I'm not just sitting here on a sunny afternoon. 
I'm vesting. 
OK, sweetie. 
Daddy's got to hang up the phone now because he has Verizon and he can't Tweet and be on a call at the same time. 
Call Mommy, she has AT&T. 
Don't look at my laptop screen. 
Looking at someone's screen is like reading from their diary. 
If their diary was filled with babysitter porn. 
OK, OK. 
We're not gon na have this conversation until you calm down and update to the latest iOS. 
No one ever got into Harvard or Yale with only three tabs open. 
But it's your life. 
I know you want to play Minecraft, so here's a compromise. 
You can invent Minecraft. 
There, there. 
Shhh. 
Don't be afraid of movies or monsters or robbers. 
There's nothing to be scared of ... other than the algorithm that will make it impossible for you to earn a living. 
Don't scream at your sister. 
You're old enough to communicate your thoughts like a grown-up. 
Via Powerpoint. 
I know you got good grades and did well in sports and remembered to make your bed. 
But that has nothing to do with our deal. 
I said I'd take you to Disneyland when you improved your personal brand. 
I'd love to see your drawings, Honey. 
Save them to my Dropbox. 
I was young once too, and I really thought there were still some things you could believe in. 
But then The New Yorker hired Borowitz. 
I know you didn't mean to upset me. 
Just re-send the Father's Day note without the attachment. 
Stop it right now goddammit. 
Daddy's checking his stats 
Ok, now go run and play. 
Wait, take my FitBit and go run and play. 
Astronomers Find Galaxy 13.1 Billion Light-Years Away: Astronomers have discovered an infant, baby blue galaxy that is 13.1 billion light-years away, farther away in distance and time than any galaxy ever encountered before. 
A galaxy that's 13.1 billion years old? 
Hell, I have a friend who uses a Samsung Galaxy that's older than that. 
Astronomers are quick to point out that even an infant galaxy would still require a really enormous diaper. 
At the risk of sounding egotistical, I think discoveries such as this only serve to further highlight what an important role I play in the Universe. 
Florida Couple Facing 15 Years For Having Sex on the Beach: A Florida couple, who were filmed last year by a grandmother while they were having sex on the beach, have been convicted of lewd and lascivious behavior and face up to 15 years in prison. 
Wow, that's a really a stiff sentence. 
The judge must have felt they needed to do hard time. 
Iran Bans Devil Worshipping Spiky Haircuts: Hairstyles of a spiky or unorthodox nature are have now been banned in Iran because Iranian leaders feel they imply devil-worship. 
While I'm sure most of you are laughing at this story, try and explain why the last time I went to Supercuts, I left with a haircut from hell. 
And while I'm no fan of totalitarian governments making rules like that, I do admit to wanting to slap people silly with mullet haircuts back in the day. 
She makes me smile.All the time.It freaks me out sometimes, well at least it used to. 
. 
but when it comes to relationships, true love and such mythical stories, fact is, no one really gets it.If you know me well enough, I know you're probably wondering who kidnapped Martin Siele and replaced me with a ` The Fault In Our Stars' scriptwriter, but don't call 911 just yet, just let me Drake for a minute. 
You won't notice it at first, and it fades away after a while, but it's something else while it lasts.For an amateur in issues of attachment and a pro in text threads with girls that rarely go further than Hey you…wyd….com e thru' ... this was a whole new world.It's how you'd probably feel if you ever land on Pluto or something, like that feeling when you get a brand new haircut or some shit like that.She made me feel stuff I didn't know existed.You 'll ignore it at first, but then you 'll get to an exam room 30 minutes late, hungover as fuck, and the lecturer, while giving you a personalized speech about the effects of alcohol, will call you ` druggie', and you 'll smile, because she was the only person who calls you that.You 'll be listening to a Tupac album, and you 'll get mad because you just remembered that one time you said Tupac was ` bleh'. 
Then you 'll be in a Math class bored as fuck, and you 'll spend most of it reading through your old texts, and someone will ask you why you 've been smiling for 10 minutes.Stuff like that, for beginners like myself is quite tricky, but it makes you think, and that's the problem. 
Change the story's title and subtitle as neededIf I See One More OkCupid Photo of Someone Jumping Over a Waterfall, I'm Going to Vomit.Internet, we must stop this madness.Alright, I 've been online dating for, say, all of my adult life. 
And it's not because I'm a loser or some sort of social reject who cries alone in the corner whenever he's at parties. 
I 'll have you know my party crying technique kills. 
I'm just not great at making that transition from chatty party talk to real life, post-party interaction, especially when that interaction might include awkwardly wrapping ourselves together on the clean side of my couch.And I 've tried the whole friends of friends thing. 
Before you ask, just ... it's been done, okay? 
I have nice friends and they in turn have nice friends. 
And if my nice friends are willing to sacrifice more of their nice friends by pretending they're dead in six weeks, my door is always open.And anyway, I don't have to explain myself to you, Internet, damn! 
I peruse women on the internet for romantic reasons. 
It's fine.But actually, no, it's not fine, because online dating suffers from one major flaw: The faces we want to represent ourselves with online are not the faces we wear in real life. 
Judging from the internet, humans spend the majority of our time laughing in photobooths, touching exotic livestock, and looking out casually over Napa Valley. 
And everyone seems to be jumping off some goddamn cliff into a pool of water. 
Who are all these people and why are they starting off in locations significantly higher than where they'd like to end up? 
Aren't there any rope ladders by these cliffs? 
THAT SHIT IS DANGEROUS, PEOPLE! 
I don't want to be all dating people with a high tendency to give themselves concussions. 
Come on!This is not to say that it's bad for people to be having fun in their dating profiles. 
I'm not saying that. 
I wouldn't say that. 
Here's what I'm saying: Why are you wearing the exact same expression in all your profile photos? 
If you're going to Catfish me with your imaginary e-life, can you at least endeavor to do it via a variety of relatable facial expressions? 
I mean, do all these people just walk around terrifying people with their maniacal smiles all day? 
Hey Linda, here's the fax you asked me for and AH GOD SHE 'S DOING THE FACE AGAIN. 
SOMEONE HELP THIS WOMAN, SHE 'S DYING INSIDE! 
GET THE BROOM! 
There just has to be more to life than smiling at brunch and going to Giants games, you guys. 
I want to see photos of you stressing out about whether or not you need to file your taxes in multiple states this year. 
Does post-move income qualify in the state of your residence or the state your employer is based in? 
I want to hear about your boring job. 
Tell me about how boring your job is, Linda! 
I want to know not just that you love David Bowie, but also that you're embarrassed because the only album you know of his is one Best of CD and you think that album is the shit. 
These are the delicious little details about people that make us ... people. 
As opposed to on-stage personas we use to portray ourselves on online media.But I get it. 
I get it, you guys. 
We all want to put our best face forward, perhaps most of all when it comes to possible future sex-times with strangers. 
The problem is that in today's online dating you see a lot more about a person than just their face. 
So if we want to engage with each other in any meaningful way, we're going to need more than just face. 
We need a head. 
With some hair. 
Maybe a neck. 
I don't know, I don't have all the answers. 
All I know is that a sea of floating, smiling faces trying to fuck each other without getting too bored in the process sounds like one of the deepest levels of hell.And I also worry that this whole picture-perfect profile thing is giving us unrealistic expectations for the way we perceive others. 
I can't tell you how often I see people looking for adventurous, spontaneous, challenging, ambitious, and career-driven soulmates with impeccable grammar. 
Where the hell does that leave me and the other lazy, spontaneity-impoverished slackers who hate their jobs and don't grammar good with our words? 
I'm not some kind of self-starting entrepreneur slash trapeze artist, swinging his way up the corporate ladder with incredible off-the-cuff suggestions and ambitious date ideas. 
I don't even want to meet that man. 
If you find that man, hide him. 
He frightens me.But here is where I must make a confession, Internet, because I too am guilty of profile-heightening. 
I mean, my profile contains a photo of me smiling my ass off in Norway. 
IN NORWAY, PEOPLE. 
I can't even point to Norway on a map. 
I can't even navigate to my house from the nearest freeway exit. 
Different issue. 
So here we go. 
In an effort to lead the charge of internet dating through honesty, here's my new dating profile, created right now for all to see. 
No backsie-outsies. 
Lonely, busy, sleepy-looking twenty-seven year old man with lanky arms and an unnatural affection for his heterosexual roommate and improv partner. 
Thinks he's really funny. 
Unnecessarily confident. 
Slightly tall. 
You probably won't notice. 
Very smiley when not completely dead in the face. 
Not great at sex.What I'm doing with my life: Stumbling through a coding job while wondering if Obamacare has made health insurance any more affordable so I can take another year off to find myself. 
Making people laugh. 
Not here, not in this profile. 
You 'll have to meet me in person to see if I'm really funny assuming you can convince yourself I'm not a spambot or internet murderer. 
I'm really good at not being a spambot or internet murderer.Also, not sex see above. 
The first things people usually notice about me: I don't know and I don't know how to find out.Though I have no true passions, I 've become very good at following those of other, more confident, people. 
Thus I have come to this list: The six things I could never do without: This question makes me uncomfortable because of its potential to reveal my vulnerabilities. 
Sex is in there. 
Food. 
Family. 
Let's keep some of those things separate.Watching pinball tutorial videos in bed while still wearing jeans and a hoodie. 
Around midnight I 'll likely begin to wonder if a pool of sweat is collecting around my crotch and switch to pajamas before accidentally falling asleep without brushing my teeth.You should message me if: If you can put up with a non-stop barrage of mediocre jokes and the fact that a smaller, muppet-sized version of me lives in a plastic bag I keep under my bed, we might just have a chance.Alright, let's see if that finds me any ladies. 
We can do it, Internet. 
I believe in us. 
To: ******** @gmail. 
com 
Subject: Woof Woof! 
Welcome To Pupply!We here at Pupply can't wait to help you on your path for a better, healthier life for you and Brutus. 
You can think of us as a best friend ... for your best friend! 
Let me know if I'm moving too fast for you ;-RRB- Through our doggy dashboard you can keep track of: - Dietary Habits 
- And much moreLet us know if you have any questions. 
Our doggy door is always open for you.Date: March 1, 2015 at 8:30:56 AM PST 
To: ******** @gmail. 
com 
Subject: Bark! 
We noticed you haven't been using Pupply ... You and Brutus were going strong for a month, but for some reason your activity with Pupply dropped off -- how come? 
Anything we can help with?Remember, our doggy door is always open for you.Date: March 30, 2015 at 10:15:08 AM PST 
To: ******** @gmail. 
com 
Subject: Bark Bark! 
We tried once, and we 'll try again.It's been almost 2 months since you stopped using Pupply -- and we're starting to get worried. 
Let us know how we can help get you and your best friend get back on track.I know I don't need to tell you, but that doggy door: Wide open for our favorite customer.Date: April 14, 2015 at 8:00:47 AM PST 
To: ******** @gmail. 
com 
Subject: ** Doggy whimper sound ** We're freaking out over here -- should we be?We here at Pupply are pretty sharp when it comes to deductive reasoning. 
It's one of the ways we were able to create such a unique and attractive hardware-software combo that dog owners the world over enjoy. 
At this point, we can be pretty sure one of four things has happened: You moved somewhere, where the internet doesn't exist.You, for some reason, have lost sight of the unparalleled emotional and physical value that Pupply can bring both you and your best friend.If 1 -- unlikely, but, happy trails. 
If 2 -- our condolences to your loved ones. 
If 3 -- we are sorry for your loss. 
But at a certain point, maybe it's time to move on from the past, and get a new best friend. 
And maybe, just maybe, he 'll live a little bit longer if you give Pupply a fair shot this time around. 
If 4 -- we urge to try us again. 
We 've got an amazing new array of features waiting for both you and Brutus.Date: April 16, 2015 at 1:15:02 AM PST 
To: ******** @gmail. 
com 
Subject: ** Sniff Sniff Scratch Whimper ** I guess you are dead -- to us! 
Just Kidding You're not dead -- and neither is Brutus! 
We know. 
You'd be surprised at what you can learn about a person from their email address, the app that is going unused on their phone, and the dog tracker they are just letting sit on their hallway credenza. 
For example: We know that you guys are alive and well. 
You took him on a walk yesterday to Precita Park -- and that is just great.What isn't great is your lack of response ☹ Seriously though buddy -- why didn't you log that walk into Pupply? 
Why aren't you talking to us? 
Was it our tone? 
When you 've got time, just shoot us an email and say what's up. 
Seriously, anything.Date: April 16, 2015 at 3:01:23 AM PST 
To: ******** @gmail. 
com 
Subject: Woof ... Can I level with you?I think I came off a little strong in that last email, and I'm having trouble sleeping. 
So I thought I would reach out and apologize while it was fresh. 
The whole we know you thing -- maybe it went too far. 
As a show of good faith, we 've stopped watching you. 
I can't prove it, but you have my word. 
That's how committed we here at Pupply are to preserving you and Brutus as lifelong customers.Can I be frank? 
There's a human back here writing these emails and running this company. 
That's right: CEO, Founder, Head of HR, Community Manager, Office Manager. 
It's all Ron Hingle. 
We had to liquidate everything else. 
Is that on you? 
I would say it's a strong maybe. 
All I'm asking is for you to treat me like you would any other human, and extend the basic decency of a response -- and also, please give Pupply another try. 
We 've got three customers. 
If we lose you, that's literally a third of our subscriber base, gone. 
Right out the goddamn window.Date: April 19, 2015 at 9:29:02 AM PST 
To: ******** @gmail. 
com 
Subject: The gun is in my mouth. 
Your finger is on the trigger ... A few emails ago I said I was freaking out. 
I wasn't. 
But I am now.I. 
Need. 
You. 
To. 
Fucking. 
Exercise. 
Your. 
Dog. 
And. 
Log. 
It. 
Into. 
Our. 
App. 
Immediately.Hey, it's a free country. 
You want blood on your hands? 
You 've got it buddy. 
The clock is ticking, and I'm just about out of time.Date: April 16, 2015 at 12:14:30 PM PST 
To: ******** @gmail. 
com 
Subject: Who's a good boy !? 
Thanks for coming back to Pupply!We're ecstatic that you 've decided to come back to Pupply. 
Get ready to get healthy with your best friend. 
I needed this. 
But really, you guys needed this. 
So give yourself a pat on the back, a belly rub, and a scratch behind the ears! 
- Personalized health insights for you and Brutus 
This seems like an era of how-to's. 
Everybody is looking to find that one quick solution to strike a fortune and build an empire. 
There are good ones and there are great ones, then there are shitty ones that ask you for your credit card details before the third step. 
Writing how-to's are a good way of contributing to other people's success. 
So here I am, doing my share of good today. 
1. 
Pick something you're really good at, not just something that you think you're good at, but something you have proof of being good at. 
You could also pick something that you're horrible at, but then you'd have to write a how-not-to. 
2. 
Build a story around how you used to suck at it but then got around to kicking ass and taking names at it. 
This could be your own story or you could borrow it from someone else. 
Make it as general and relatable as possible. 
3. 
Sit your butt down and write. 
Whoever you are and whatever it might be that you do, there must be something you're amazing at. 
And the world needs to share that wisdom so they can get as good, or die trying. 
End it with a quote from a classic 70's movie, which unfortunately I can not, because I just came around to existing in the 90's. 
Here's a quote anyway. 
Gostou? 
Faça login no Medium com seu Twitter ou Facebook e recomende o texto! 
Change the story's title and subtitle as neededHow by ordering lollipops online I learned of certain bizarre sexual practices.Last week I ordered a batch of lollipops from an online shop. 
Yesterday I got an email from the shop informing me that my lollipops would be late in arriving because of the large volume of lollipop orders they'd received. 
Mine was one of over 400 email addresses plainly listed in the CC field.A few minutes later someone named Lisa replied all to say that she must have her pops by May 18th, as she was planning to leave for Vermont on that day. 
Then someone named Alex replied all with an image of rotting teeth and the caption I reeeeeaalllllly need my lollipops. 
Then someone replied all to say, please, everyone stop using the reply all button when responding to the email as it unnecessarily spams all 400 + people who'd been CC'd. 
To this appeal the aforementioned Alex replied all with SAYS GUY WHO JUST REPLIED ALL HIMSELF! 
. 
Then someone named Daniel -- who according to the LinkedIn plugin in my email is a director of business planning at Deutsche Bank -- replied all to say that he would be using this list of 400 + email addresses to start a lollipop shop. 
Then chatty Alex replied all with this longer message: I want a lollipop for my girlfriend, but I need 2 kinds. 
First, just a standard lollipop that's about the size of a walnut. 
I like to slide that thing in and out and lick it in between sticks. 
then I bite it like that owl who wants to get to the center of the sucker.The other one I need is the flat-style like the lollipop guild in wizard of oz. 
I call that my spanker pop. 
Gon na be a dirty weekend!Finally, someone named Brad replied all with this gritty fable: I remember once when I was a kid, my dad caught me eating lollipops. 
To teach me a lesson, he made me eat the whole pack. 
I puked them up after, it was horrible. 
I can't even look at a lollipop to this day. 
Dad was a smart guy. 
He's dead now though. 
I visit his grave every Christmas. 
So, if you're having lollipop problems, don't feel bad for me son, I got 99 problems but lollipops aren't one. 
On the first paycheck I ever earned, I wrote a message to myself on the stub. 
It said, This is the first paycheck of many in a long string of stressful, frustrating jobs. 
I was 16 years-old at the time. 
And I was right. 
Class. 
Work. 
It's all the same thing. 
Either way, you're supposed to be there and you don't wan na go. 
Now, I learned a lot of what I know about skipping work from my brother-in-law. 
He was so convincing that you would actually start to feel the symptoms of whatever sickness he had created for you to tell your boss you had. 
This is the same dude who frustrates telemarketers to the point where they hang up on him. 
It's much harder than actually hanging up immediately, but at least 75 percent more rewarding. 
I don't want to know the reasons why, but, if you're interested, here are the top five ways to skip out on work. 
And, if you get caught, that's what you get for believing something you read on the Internet. 
5. 
Claim you are injured: You can either pitch your injury in person or over the phone. 
That choice depends on how absolutely intent you are on not going to work. 
Wan na chance it? 
Call in and try to convince your boss you broke your toe over the weekend carrying a box of puppies away from a fire set by an evil stepmother ... or something. 
Wan na guarantee you are believed? 
Really break your toe and show up on Monday with one of those protective moon boots and some crutches. 
That way, you're Timmy Tough Guy who showed up for work AND you 'll get sent home with additional sympathy time. 
Just a note -- never go with a concussion. 
Chances are, the required, glazed look in your eye is always there. 
4. 
Car trouble: Yeah, it's not really imaginative or original, but it's undeniable. 
In this situation, it actually pays to have a crappy car. 
The make, model and year of your vehicle is directly linked to whether your boss will believe you. 
In fact, I'm in the market for an early 1990s Ford Escort based on that correlation. 
It can't hurt to learn a few car terms, either. 
Things like muffler and door don't count. 
Go hang around a garage and learn mechanic. 
The same language they use to get you to spend $ 500 on a broken tail light can be used to confuse and possibly baffle your boss. 
Also, try to call from a cell phone with poor service. 
A distressed sounding call makes for a more distressed sounding caller. 
3. 
Food poisoning: It's a very simple approach and hard to mess this one up. 
Everyone eats suspect food from time to time. 
If you meet any resistance from your boss, start going into detail. 
If that doesn't work ... go into more detail. 
Seriously. 
Just start saying the foulest things you can think of. 
Contrary to popular sentiment, you CAN gross out all of the people, all of the time. 
Plus, food poisoning can get you a day or a week out of the office -- an excuse that should be honored for it's flexibility. 
Try not to ever really get food poisoning, though. 
I hear it's horrible. 
2. 
General, garden-variety malady: Just pick something. 
Hundreds of things can afflict you -- cold, flu, pink-eye currently an Excuse Hall of Fame-nominee, the screaming meemies ... it doesn't matter. 
Just pick a sickness, look it up on the Internet and fake the symptoms. 
It hard to mess this up but, if you do, it's harder to gauge where it went wrong. 
Was the sickness not severe enough to warrant the day off? 
Did you cough too hard for someone with strep throat? 
Do the screaming meemies really exist? 
Whatever, at least you gave it a shot. 
1. 
Just don't show up: This is only for use once. 
It's like one of those really cool weapons you got in old-school video games and you can only use it once but it wipes out everything but if you use it twice ... it kills you. 
I don't know. 
I'm not sure if there was an actual game like that. 
All you do is just miss work -- no call, no e-mail, no warning or explanation of any kind. 
This is only good for one day, though. 
The key is to return the next day pretending that nothing is wrong. 
In fact, you can even mention to a co-worker that you had the day off. 
Then, people start to assume that you were supposed to be gone. 
By the time your boss catches wind of this, he or she will be so damn confused between you spacing out on attending work and wondering whether you really had the day off. 
Chances are, everyone will forget you were gone anyway when you bring in snacks. 
Everyone loves snacks. 
A big congratulations to anyone who has completed their rehabilitation course with success. 
Although, a grand event would require an addict to never relapse to their addiction. 
If the rehabilitation is an uphill task, then the aftermath seems much tougher. 
It is common to observe that addicts succumb into a relapse after initial recovery. 
Strong after-care procedures when devised with care prevent the vicious cycle of relapse. 
No matter what the kind of crisis be, a strong human support beats all odds. 
This adage is universal and works the same for all forms of life on this planet. 
Hence, using it to prevent a situation of relapse is the least one could do for themselves. 
They could be your family, friends or acquaintances turned friends from a rehab facility. 
As long as they inhibit you from getting re-addicted, they form your strong support. 
It is important to have someone put you into their surveillance to avoid a relapse. 
Many a times, opening up about your urges to your family can bring a big difference. 
Addiction being destructive damages the career along with other mayhem it plays. 
Due to that, an addict in his stages after recovery finds a lot of free time. 
It may turn out a leisure time for some, but for many it may not. 
For those few, the empty time in hand could lead to damage. 
For an instance, one could get into a depressed state of mind which could lead to a relapse. 
Hence, the best way to use the time in hand would be to indulge in something positive. 
Else, the idle mindset would lead to complacency and then further damages. 
3. 
PREVENTING REMORSE TO TAKE THE BETTER OF YOU 
As described in the above point, a feeling of depression destroys it all. 
To put it simple, a negative feeling creates a mental pain to the addict. 
To deal with it, they relapse into the cycle of getting re-addicted. 
So, the sure shot ways to avoid such a situation is to be happy. 
I know it sounds way easier than it is, but the onus of it lies to an individual themselves. 
Having stated that, one must take the responsibility of one's own happiness. 
Avoiding negative memories, company of addicted friends are all ways to deal with it. 
The sooner one gets practical on making happiness a routine, the better it is for them. 
Drugs not only play with the mental state, but also deplete the physical health. 
An addiction destroys the immunity, vital organs and the ability to think rational. 
These are just the few of the damages endowed, the list could actually go till lengths. 
So one has to follow a regime of proper nutrition to regain vigor and vitality. 
Along with that keeping the mental state stable with meditation and yoga does wonders. 
It puts one off the thoughts that trigger relapses. 
By sticking to a balanced and healthy life regime, a long-term sobriety is achievable. 
In the genre of addiction, who could be better than a rehab staff for guidance. 
Most of the recovery facilities provide an after-care program for their patients. 
It enables the patients to get in touch with them in need of the hour. 
Many centers send monthly mailers or stay-in-touch cards to their past patients. 
Those interactive gestures act as a safe haven for the addicts who live a life of recluse. 
It creates a mental satisfaction that someone is there for them. 
That in itself is a strong emotion that can fight the pangs of re-addiction. 
This article is for informational purposes only. 
It is not a substitute for an advice from a registered medical practitioner. 
Please consult a certified health care professional before following or referring for personal use. 
My son started tee ball this year and on Saturday he played his fourth game. 
Though I 've played sports my entire life and watched them even longer it's taken me nary three weeks to realize that tee ball is the greatest sport on Earth. 
Don't believe me? 
Here's why: 
Tee ball is like reality TV. 
Anything can happen at any time. 
I'm going to list four things and you tell me which of these didn't actually happen during a game. 
1. 
Two dads got into an argument and the cops had to be called. 
2. 
One kid got mad and told his mom to fuck off. 
3. 
A coach for the other team got hit in the balls with a bat when the kid batting accidentally let go of it during a swing. 
4. 
Some asshole driving a Suburban couldn't find a parking spot so they parked their vehicle in left field. 
Ok, which of those happened and which didn't? 
Give up? 
Well, it's a trick question. 
None of that actually happened but tee ball is so crazy that it wouldn't surprise me at all if any of those happened during his next game. 
I feel like I'm watching The Real World when I'm out there at a game. 
Crying, fighting, swearing, altercations ... all of it happens. 
The only thing missing is binge drinking. 
If you were one of the unfortunate ones who dropped $ 100 on the Mayweather/Pacquiao fight, I 've got some advice to you. 
Screw real boxing. 
Go to a tee ball game. 
There are more punches thrown on the field during three innings of tee ball than in 12 rounds of boxing. 
One kid hits a ground ball to the infield and suddenly five infielders are all diving for it and punching and kicking each other until someone comes up with it. 
It's like recovering a fumble in football. 
These kids are real chippy, too. 
I was coaching first base and the base runner just turned around for no reason and knocked the hat off the other. 
Next thing you know there's retaliation. 
Here's some video of his last game I shot with my phone. 
While I enjoy a good pitcher's duel, many casual baseball fans feel like a game with little scoring is boring. 
Soccer works the same way, though there are no casual soccer fans because soccer is dumb. 
But if you hate a low scoring game, well, tee ball is your sport, then. 
There are no outs. 
Every kid bats in an inning and regardless of where they hit it they get to go to the base. 
Quick math tells me, then, that however many kids you have on your team is how many runs you 'll score. 
I think my son has like 10 kids on his team. 
That's 30 runs a game! 
It's basically a JV girl's basketball game. 
I 've been lying to you for the first few hundred words. 
My son doesn't actually play tee ball. 
He plays coach pitch. 
And in coach pitch the coach pitches you six pitches and if you can't hit it, then you get to hit off a tee. 
This concept alone makes tee ball the greatest sport every invented. 
If at first you don't succeed, we 'll keep making it easier for you until you do! 
Think about how much cooler it would be if other sports followed suit. 
Did that birdie putt on number 7 just lip out on you? 
Don't worry, we 've made the hole bigger on number 8. 
Those 3-pointers not falling? 
Move in 15 feet and we 'll still give you the three points. 
Can't score a goal in soccer? 
Don't worry, we 'll make the net bigger. 
Wait. 
They already have a giant net in soccer? 
Why the hell can't they score any damn goals then !?! 
So let me get this straight: Everyone bats, no one gets out, everyone scores even though no score is kept and there are no winners and losers. 
And after all of this .... 
everyone goes out for ice cream. 
Who doesn't love ice cream? 
That's not a rhetorical question. 
That's a genuine inquiry because I don't think it has an answer. 
Most people reading this probably wish work was like tee ball. 
Well everyone, we didn't accomplish anything at all today. 
Let's get ice cream! 
These days, it seems like selfies are everywhere! 
You can't even go on The Facebook without seeing at least one selfie. 
Pretty soon, you will be required to instagram post a selfie onto your resume to even apply for a job! 
And in this job market, hoo buddy, you need every advantage you can get. 
Here is a list of different selfies to try so that you can find which one best compliments your personality! 
You have accidentally been locked inside a gym for weeks. 
You're scared and hungry, but you 've never looked better. 
Oh God no! 
The camera has stolen your soul! 
You love animals and you're not returning the dog. 
It's yours now. 
Finders keepers. 
Messy and unkempt. 
Does anything say self-esteem more than a makeup-less selfie? 
Maybe if you put the selfie on a blimp and circled the mall a few times. 
Whoa! 
Look over there! 
A blimp just crashed into the mall's movie theater where they are playing Paul Blart: Mall Cop 2. 
Q: Silicon Valley is known for its obsession over youth. 
Do you feel that there's extra pressure on your appearance? 
A: My boobs weigh me down while I type. 
I do special back stretches. 
A: Yes. 
Men are unthinking, unfeeling creatures made of steel. 
Oh -- wait. 
Sorry, did I say men? 
I meant robots. 
Don't hire robots as UX designers. 
Translation: Yes, we have policies. 
Real ones. 
Look! 
Imagine a political system that puts the public first. 
Imagine an economy that gives everyone their fair share. 
Imagine a society capable of supporting everyone's needs. 
Imagine a planet protected from the threat of climate change now and for the generations to come. 
Imagine there's no heaven. 
It's easy if you try. 
No hell below us. 
Above us only sky. 
Imagine all the people, living for today. 
Yoo-hooooo. 
That's the future we want to create and we believe we have the means to do it. 
Green Party membership is soaring as more and more people are recognising that the politics of the future doesn't have to look like the politics of the past. 
You may say I'm a dreamer. 
But I'm not the only one. 
I hope someday you will join us. 
And the world will live as one. 
Summary: I have no idea why the Green manifesto opener appears to be John Lennon lyrics actually verse 3 onwards recast as campaign platitudes. 
It's too close for it to be a coincidence, but I doubt it's deliberate. 
Probably subconscious influences bubbling over. 
Liked this? 
Delve into more manifesto front pages here. 
Comments? 
Queries? 
Find and follow me at @emmaclarebrooks. 
No pictures. 
No messing about. 
This is not a bid for approval. 
We start, uniquely, with a vow. 
Given that political-speak usually only gets as far as ` I promise', this is badass. 
For once, those gits in Westminster are actually listening. 
Leverage, people. 
That's what I'm talking about. 
It is a vote to make Scotland's voice heard at Westminster more loudly than it has ever been heard before. 
And it is a vote for more progressive politics. 
Plus, once we 've got Labour where we want them, they 'll have to meet our demands or we 'll bring Parliament TO ITS KNEES. 
Bwah ha ha ha ha ha. 
Ahaha ha ha ha haha. 
A vote for the SNP will make Scotland's voice heard -- loudly and clearly. 
And it will help deliver new, better and more progressive politics at Westminster for everyone. 
My vow is to make Scotland stronger at Westminster. 
Summary: scrape away the political-talk and it's a rallying cry, plain and simple. 
No prisoners, no compromises. 
Comments? 
Queries? 
Find and follow me at @emmaclarebrooks. 
Disclosure statement: I'm not promoting anyone, and my methods are not scientific. 
This is more of a sort of take-back-the-night exercise to reclaim some sanity amongst all the soundbites foisted on one. 
Also, it's fun. 
Comments? 
Queries? 
Find and follow me at @emmaclarebrooks. 
For the first time in 100 years, there is real change on the horizon. 
All you have to do is vote for it. 
They all laughed at us. 
Not so funny now, eh? 
Political party manifestos are usually filled with arbitrary, over-ambitious targets and pledges to some special interest group here or there. 
UKIP is different. 
Can I just say, we spent ages writing this, so you'd better sodding read it. 
Oh all right. 
Basically, I 've totted up the numbers and they tell me what we 've known all along: foreigners are bad. 
Observe that I'm saying immigration is a higher priority than living standards. 
I did tell you I know my audience. 
Getting old sucks. 
No-one listens to you anymore. 
If you're a bit paranoid, we're the party for you. 
Also, think of the middle class children. 
Phew. 
Let's head over to the Lib Dems! 
Comments? 
Queries? 
Find and follow me at @emmaclarebrooks. 
The fundamental truth that runs through this manifesto is that Britain will only succeed when working people succeed. 
It is an idea at the heart of my beliefs. 
And it drives our better plan for a better future. 
Bankers and toffs are a fairly safe target, though. 
So let's stick with that. 
It means a country where hard work is rewarded, with high-skill, high-wage jobs. 
An economy built on strong and secure foundations, where we balance the books. 
Gordon Brown? 
Never heard of him. 
Think of the children. 
Not my children obviously, because we all know they're going to be fine. 
The point is, even your cola-swilling urchins are probably fit for something, and that's important. 
What if you get stabbed in your no-doubt-undesirable neighbourhood? 
Then where will you be? 
Scotland, we feel you! 
Don't vote SNP. 
Middle England, we think you're racist but we 'll work something out! 
Don't vote UKIP. 
It means a Britain where everyone plays by the same rules, including those at the very top of our society. 
And it means an outward looking country, engaged in the world for our national interest. 
We're going to tax those rich bastards. 
And we're not going to piss off Europe, because, unlike some people, we actually know what century we're in. 
Note that I said ` privilege', not privileged. 
I also said ` work', ` works' and ` working' in the same sentence. 
You see what I'm getting at. 
What? 
I can totally run the country. 
Summary: courting the popular vote, with a dash of denial, class anxiety, and fluctuating self-confidence. 
The politics is earnest, if slightly closeted. 
Comments? 
Queries? 
Find and follow me at @emmaclarebrooks. 
The Lib Dem manifesto page is so tasteful, almost as if they don't want you to have an opinion on it. 
Hmm. 
What do the words say? 
When Liberal Democrats launched our 2010 General Election manifesto, few people expected that many of the policies it contained would be implemented by the next Government. 
But that's what happened: three quarters of those policies formed the backbone of the Coalition's programme. 
Everyone used to think we were pointless. 
Look at us now. 
BAM. 
Cabinet, Bitchez! 
We even did some of the things we said we would. 
Get us! 
But our mission has only just begun. 
You can't build the future we want in just five years. 
Okay, there was lots of stuff we didn't do. 
But give us more time and we totally will. 
For one thing, we sort of know what we're talking about now. 
Amazing. 
That's why, in Government for the next five years, Liberal Democrats will continue to build a stronger economy and a fairer society with opportunity for everyone. 
This manifesto sets out how. 
Look, we're probably going to get in again, because the numbers are so close and everyone else hates each other. 
We thought we'd put something together anyway because, policies -- but like, whatever. 
Summary: the policies are irrelevant -- we know it, they know it. 
This is about keeping heads down and waiting for the numbers to tell. 
Smugly. 
Need a break from the bland? 
SNP next. 
Comments? 
Queries? 
Find and follow me at @emmaclarebrooks. 
Translation: I'm in charge. 
I know what I'm doing. 
It will get better. 
I know it looks like we 've done bugger all, but we have. 
Just give us more time, and you 'll see. 
Five years ago, Britain was on the brink. 
As the outgoing Labour Treasury Minister put it with brutal candour, ` there is no money'. 
Before us, you were screwed. 
Even Labour can't deny it. 
Now, things are different. 
Or at least they will be. 
If you give us more time. 
Britain is now one of the fastest growing major economies in the world. 
We are getting our national finances back under control. 
We have halved our deficit as a share of our economy. 
More people are in work than ever before. 
Britain is back on its feet, strong and growing stronger every day. 
We 've gone from broke to slightly-less-broke. 
Okay it's still a hot mess, but we're working on it! 
Here's some maths -- see? 
Things are getting better. 
We just need more a bit more time, that's all. 
This has not happened by accident. 
It is the result of difficult decisions and of patiently working through our long-term economic plan. 
Above all, it is the product of a supreme national effort, in which everyone has made sacrifices and everyone has played their part. 
You think this stuff magically sorts itself out? 
It does not. 
We 've been killing ourselves. 
Also some of it is so fricking dull, you 've literally no idea. 
Yes, we know you 've had a hard time too ; food banks, pay freezes and whatnot. 
Same! 
The point is, you 've made it this far, so what's another five years, amirite? 
You're awesome by the way. 
Like your style. 
Our friends and competitors overseas look at Britain, and they see a country that is putting its own house in order, a country on the rise. 
They see a country that believes in itself. 
But our national recovery remains a work in progress. 
It is fragile, and with the wrong decisions, it could easily be reversed. 
So the central questions at this election are these: how do we maintain our economic recovery, upon which our ambitions for our country depend? 
And how do we make sure that the recovery benefits every one of our citizens, at every stage of their lives? 
This Manifesto sets out our plan to do just that. 
It is a plan for a better future -- for you, for your family. 
It is a plan for every stage of your life. 
For your new-born baby, there will be the world's best medical care. 
For your child, there will be a place at an excellent school. 
As you look for your first job, we are building a healthy economy that provides a good career for you with a decent income. 
As you look for that first home, we will make sure the Government is there to help. 
As you raise your family, we will help you with childcare. 
And as you grow older, we will ensure that you have dignity in retirement. 
Think of the children. 
Think of grandma. 
What if you get cancer? 
Then where will you be? 
But all of these things depend on a strong and growing economy. 
So as you consider how to vote, I hope you will ask this: which party is best placed to keep our economy strong? 
The team which has delivered the growing economy we have today, which created more jobs since 2010 than the rest of the European Union put together ; or the party which left behind a ruined economy just five short years ago? 
Think Labour can handle that shit? 
Those clowns, seriously? 
Now is a time to build on the progress we have made, not to put it all at risk. 
This Manifesto is our plan of action -- our plan to take our amazing country forward. 
Above all, it is a plan for you. 
At least let's see where this is going. 
We have some good ideas. 
Our focus groups said so. 
Did we mention we think you're awesome? 
Comments? 
Queries? 
Find and follow me at @emmaclarebrooks. 
The scene is set in a home. 
It is suburban, of middle class roots. 
A WOMAN, his wife stops him and speaks: Do not worry about those. 
I 'll empty it later. 
They smoke. 
They drink whiskey. 
Eventually, they die. 
Walking down the street. 
Is that a penny? 
You pick it up. 
No, it's too bright for that, too ... yellow. 
To your right, an appraisal shop. 
24 karat gold? 
Amazing! 
You look closer. 
An engraving. 
It piques your interest. 
. 
some ancient, forgotten tongue. 
. 
you mouth it out -- fus. 
. 
ro. 
. 
dah. 
Clinking noises. 
Behind you -- more gold pennies, falling from the ceiling! 
You scoop them all up with your shirt. 
This must be worth thousands! 
They keep falling. 
You go outside. 
Yet they still fall, always, wherever you go, five feet behind you, gold coins, never-ending gold coins. 
Life is different, now. 
You must sleep by a pit lest the coins piling up would suffocate you. 
Restaurants ban you for you are too disturbing to the patrons. 
No more invitations to parties. 
An environmental hazard, the EPA calls you, polluting everywhere you go with these interminable gold coins. 
All social contact ceases. 
No family, no friends, not even acquaintances. 
Strangers grab your coins then run away. 
But your eyes have a permanent gleam in them now, your life fulfilled, because you -- are -- rich beyond your wildest dreams! 
Acura. 
The True Definition of Luxury. 
Yours. 
Hey upper-middle class white people who pay for HBO and college students using their parents' HBO Go passwords. 
Thanks for tuning in to this week's episode. 
But before we watch, a quick preview of all the juicy stuff you're about to see that you can't see on cable. 
Who's responsible for this 5 second preview? 
Me. 
What's the best part of my job? 
Teasing you until you can't take any more. 
I know what you're thinking, How hard can that job be? 
Shut your face, dickwad. 
This isn't just a job ; it's a motherfucking art form. 
Maybe I 'll give it the classic Adult Content. 
What exactly is that you ask? 
Hell if I know. 
Could be some drug usage like boring old weed, or it could be something better like a step-by-step example of how to shoot heroin. 
Salivating yet? 
Mmm, yeah, babe. 
Tell me what you want. 
What's next you ask? 
Maybe some graphic language up in this cocksucker. 
You like it when we talk dirty? 
Cock. 
Cunt. 
Jews. 
Ok, maybe the last one isn't so bad. 
Or, I 'll mix it up and drop some N bombs like we're bringing back The Wire. 
Hell, maybe we 'll have our writers invent some words and you pussies won't even know what it means. 
This isn't just Adult Language, so put the kids to bed. 
Our adult language game is the shit. 
Prepare your virgin ears, bitches. 
Hmm, what's next? 
I could toss in the old Mild Violence, but that seems to have lost its value. 
When you hit the mass murder scene, you'd be disappointed, you sick fuck. 
Or, I could lose the Mild and have you on the edge of your seat waiting for that decapitation scene. 
Will it come? 
Only I know. 
I saw the episode two weeks ago, and let's just say, there's more blood than in There Will Be Blood. 
DRINK IT UP, asshole. 
Now for the good stuff -- nudity and sexual content. 
Ohh yeah. 
Let's get physical, babies. 
I could call it Brief Nudity. 
Know what you'd do? 
Have your remote in your hand, ready to pause on that topless shot. 
Hope you know if your DVR has a delay, because you have exactly 1.5 seconds to get it right. 
How's that for brief? 
Maybe I 'll just put Nudity. 
Tease you with boobs, boobs, ass, boobs and then BAM! 
Flacid penis in your face. 
See? 
I don't have to tell you what kind of nudity is coming. 
That's how I get you hooked. 
Strong Sexual Content? 
Did it just move a little with excitement? 
I'd hope so since you're watching the Late Night section on demand. 
As sure as you're sitting naked on a folding chair, you're going to have some strong sexual content. 
That's not enough for you? 
You just need your porn with dragons and incest? 
Maybe I 'll give you what you want or maybe I won't, freak. 
But you 'll stay tuned because I give you just enough to feed your imagination. 
See, I don't just warn you what ages our programs are meant for, I hold your emotions in the palm of my hand. 
I make it impossible for you to change the channel, because who knows what you're going to miss? 
Oh wait, I know and I 'll never be more descriptive. 
Hold on to your couch, this is going to be a wild freaking ride. 
This isn't cable, asshole. 
It's motherfucking HBO and I run this show. 
Spice Girls Reunite at David Beckham's Birthday Party: Its being reported that the Spice Girls reunited for David Beckham's 40th birthday party, with former Desperate Housewife Eva Longoria substituting for the absent Scary Spice. 
Fantastic, and if they ever decide to go back out on tour, I'm guessing this would be called their Old Spice tour. 
Study Links Being Underweight to Dementia Risk: In the largest study ever to look at relationships between body weight and likelihood of developing dementia, researchers found that being too thin appears to carry the greatest risk for dementia. 
And thank goodness here in America we have caring establishments like McDonald's, Dunkin’ Donuts and Pizza Hut helping us fight the good fight. 
Lindsey Vonn and Tiger Woods Break Up: Its being reported that Lindsey Vonn and Tiger Woods have decided to end their three-year relationship. 
On a positive note, since Tiger seems to have a thing for top female athletes, Bruce Jenner is now available. 
These days, as I watch my one-year-old repeatedly fall on his face / smack the back of his head on our wood floors / catch the corner of a piece of furniture with his front teeth/etc. 
, I breathe sighs of gratitude that I mastered the art of walking long ago. 
That shit looks painful. 
And sounds painful. 
Poor guy. 
Every now and then, I am reminded of what he must be feeling. 
I am happy to say that, until I had kids, I had not been headbutted since I was a child. 
Now I find myself, on a regular basis, accidentally knocking heads with my children, stooping low to pick something up, only to stand up and smack my head on the corner of the table, or tripping and falling over toys, wheeled and otherwise. 
I am grateful for each and every minute that these things aren't happening to me. 
And you should be, too. 
So stop your complaining about the lady who didn't look at you just right in the checkout line, or the less-than-perfect amount of cheese on your damn pizza, or the sub par sound quality coming out of your new stereo speakers, or not getting to have sex with that guy you met at the bistro last Saturday night. 
Never complain, ever again! 
I don't want to hear about it, unless it involves concussions. 
Or poop. 
2001 AD -- In the year Stanley Kubrick rightfully predicted the usage of tablet PCs and interactions with abstract, technological superintelligences, Safari Books Online is launched. 
Leaping gazelles, polar bears, and charming bug-eyed marmosets confuse, amuse, and titillate engineers the world over. 
2006 AD -- Your 5 year-old niece finds a book with a rhinoceros on it, much to her excitement. 
She opens the book and begins crying spontaneously. 
2014 AD -- O’Reilly Media acquires Safari Books in its entirety. 
Random animals and dummies are a part of one happy publishing family. 
Every majestic animal known to a college freshman is now associated with some kind of for-profit computer language, fad framework, or otherwise obnoxious spec. 
No one remembers the MySpace music profile for the jam band you saw minuscule success with in the mid Aughties. 
2015 AD -- O’Reilly Media has exhausted all known recognizable animals for Safari book covers, and resorts to utilizing obscure invertebrates with suckers and pseudo-mobile poisonous fungi as book cover imagery. 
You sometimes have dreams at night that you 've fallen in a river and Java brushes against your leg hair with a clammy appendage ... a chilly breeze of the sinister deep. 
2030 AD -- After a decade of exclusively using diatoms for book cover art, O’Reilly Media contracts fantasy artists to imagine new animals so people who stumbled into a conference will know the books they are now reading are at least tangentially tech-related. 
Ligers are a thing again, if only briefly. 
2035 AD -- Books are no longer read, O’Reilly Media now merely inserts you into a virtual reality simulation of the Australian Outback. 
It is always sunny there, and tumbling cumulus clouds seem to resemble greats of programming epochs past. 
Whilst riding an Ostrich, you somehow feel more knowledgeable about JavaScript, the only language now spoken. 
2040 AD -- There are no more animals, even in the digital Australian Outback. 
O’Reilly Media publishes Extinct Lifeforms FOR DUMMIES just so people can remotely comprehend what level O’Reilly Media has been working on for millennia. 
2041 AD -- O’Reilly Media is gone. 
Animals are gone. 
You are gone. 
Dystopian Afterliving FOR DUMMIES is a raging success with the cybernetic ghosts of humankind. 
Good question. 
You're not quite the eloquent sage, but you and the banality of your inquiry has got me thinking. 
So, is it fun yet? 
I wondered, looking around at the euphoric faces, raucous laughter and the clinking glasses. 
Is this fun? 
I thought slightly harder, staring at the chick beside me, dosing off onto the greasy surface with a dull look of anticipation on her face. 
I don't think so. 
Are you having fun? 
I nudged her lightly. 
She woke up slightly but didn't answer. 
I turned to the guy on the other side of me. 
You having fun? 
I asked him. 
He has been trying to buy me a shot for the last ten minutes. 
Why though? 
How are you having fun? 
I asked. 
Pretty girl like you at my side, how could I not be? 
he answers, in a sudden joy. 
I nod my head towards the lifeless chick, strung over the bar. 
If you want to have a some fun, this girl over here looks like she's been waiting for something to happen. 
Right, well, I suppose I deserved that. 
But I carried on, thinking this could actually be fun. 
_ It's not my birthday, either. 
It's not getting to the airport with sweaty palms and a plane to catch, it's not my favourite song playing and it's not a morning in bed, though I suppose if you get here soon enough, it might be. 
You answer back, relieved that I 've mentioned a bed. 
Beds are exciting. 
I go back to the bar, on the opposite side this time. 
I don't want to re-encounter that nice guy with the free shooters which made me feel a little guilty. 
He was just trying to have some fun, because that's always the idea. 
Every friday we sprint towards this moment, and this, this is the finish line. 
But is a good time just drinking until we forget who we are? 
Is a good time only ever had by our intoxicated alter-egos? 
I push the door out into the dark night, leaving behind the sad, the bored, the lonely ; simply anticipating for something they don't understand in the dark, hoping that a drink in a crowd would make them happier versions of themselves. 
But they aren't happier ; they 've just found some company in the feeling. 
Abdel Halim Ali Shabana you probably know him as Abdel Halim Hafez, was born in Egypt in 1929. 
Not only was he an apparently legendary singer, but he is a fantastic Wikipedia entry as well. 
Now, we should all know that Wikipedia is a tepid cesspool of unreliability, but his bio seems so questionable it warns readers that it Has an unclear citation style and may be written from a fan's point of view, rather than a neutral point of view, all of which seems to be Wikipedia saying Hey man, like even for us, this is some super sketchy information. 
Here's what you can expect when you're boning up on your Abdel Halim Hafez trivia: 
Sure, I mean, probably, right? 
I bet that holds true for a lot of people. 
It's not really trivia, but whatever. 
Anyway, what's next? 
Sure, I mean, maybe, right? 
I mean, it's kind of strange to put that in there, but still. 
Anyway, it was probably very sad, and I don't want to bring up a sore subject, Wikipedia poster, so I 'll move on. 
Wait, at least four? 
That's not a number you could officially nail down, how many people voluntarily plummeted to their death during an isolated event in a relatively centralized location? 
Four, excuse me, I mean, At Least Four, is the kind of number somebody picks when they want to lie about something and want to be specific so it sounds like they're not lying. 
Huh. 
Sorry things didn't work out man, you're a good dude and you deserve to be happy. 
So anyway, apparently this gentleman was worshiped by a legion of loyal female supporters, which makes it only right that 40 years later, Big Pimpin, Jay Z's ode to being really, really disrespectful to women, introduced this song to unknowing rap fans everywhere. 
Here's the original tune, used in the 1960 Egyptian film Fata Ahlami. 
Before we proceed, a quick reminder: Say you invite Dame Dash to your birthday party, bat mitzvah or what not, and he arrives without a shirt, then proceeds to pour his drink on everyone in attendance. 
If/when this takes place, you have no right, I repeat, no right to complain. 
Pouring drinks on people and not wearing shirts is the life Dash has chosen. 
This is something you need to understand. 
Anyway, this wasn't a sample by the technical, literal definition Timbaland rerecorded it for Big Pimpin, but it's pretty much the same thing, especially if you ask all the Egyptian guys who keep suing them for using it. 
I don't have the transcript handy, but I believe the first suit went something like this: 
Timbaland: What? 
No way. 
You can't prove that. 
There was another suit from an heir of the composer, and that one claimed that moral rights were violated when the original composition had been mutilated. 
He's not definitely just being a baby about it ; Moral rights is actually a thing when it comes to Egyptian copyrights. 
I'm not a professional Egyptian copyright lawyer just an Egyptian copyright law enthusiast, but I think it goes like this: The guy who composed the song passed the rights on to his kids, and they licensed it out for use as is. 
What they didn't do, however, is sign over the rights for someone to chop up the music, loop one particular segment and add new lyrics about sitting in a truck while having his genitals fondled by a woman he contacted expressly for said purpose. 
I don't know how this is going to be resolved, but I'm pretty sure, legally speaking, it's all water under the bridge if Jay Z just starts performing Khosara Khosara at his concerts instead of Big Pimpin, which has now become the thing I want most in life. 
I can't begin to imagine how disappointed/confused that audience would be, but please Jay, if you're reading this, please make it happen. 
I 'll sign up for Tidal. 
Seriously. 
Iowa Governor Declares State of Emergency Over Bird Flu: After four new poultry farms tested positive for the bird flu virus, Iowa Governor Terry Branstad has declared a state of emergency, warning that the entire state is at risk from the spread of the disease. 
Now I could be wrong on this, but isn't chicken soup supposed to be good for the flu? 
Internet Fail Puts Actress Kirstie Alley at Center of Bridge Scandal: The internet was abuzz after many headlines declared Christie Ally Expected to Plead Guilty in New Jersey Bridge Lane Closings -- the Christie ally in question being New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie friend and Port Authority official David Wildstein -- not actress Kirstie Alley. 
Of course the actual difference between a Christie ally and Kirstie Alley can often amount to more than 75 pounds. 
Teens Cite Allure of Doing Tricks for Vaping Popularity: New research found that performing tricks with the smoke is one of the top two reasons young users say they consider vaping devices really cool. 
Vaping has become so popular, that when young couples finally decide to marry, many now simply exchange smoke rings. 
A me piace il ciclismo, e sto ore e ore a guardare delle tappe interminabili del Giro d’Italia. 
Tappe pianeggianti, dritte, duecento chilometri di trasferimento senza neanche un cavalcavia. 
Un rompimento di cazzo interminabile ma che mi ipnotizza come lo scorrere delle gocce in un giardino zen. 
Ruote che girano interminabilmente mentre le mie parti basse si gonfiano regolarmente con il girare delle catene e dei pignoni. 
A me piace il ciclismo dicevo, in tutte le sue forme: su strada, su pista, su sterrato. 
Capisco però che il ciclismo così com' è sia difficile da seguire dal vivo: salite alpine lontane dai centri abitati, Giri d’Italia che passano una volta l’anno, insomma, non è facile vedersi sfrecciare davanti i ciclisti nelle loro belle magliettine aderenti, e quindi guardo con estremo piacere alla recente nascita di un nuova disciplina di ciclismo molto diffusa soprattutto nella città di Milano: il ciclismo su marciapiede. 
Quanta allegria nell' andare senza mani scartando di lato pericolosamente all' ultimo secondo e imponendo agli altri di prestare attenzione al proprio cammino. 
Ma fate bene, amici ciclisti! 
Il pedone deve stare sempre all' erta, non deve mai adagiarsi sulla stabilità delle proprie gambe credendo che il pericolo sia lì, lontano, in mezzo all' asfalto. 
Come ci ha insegnato il calcio totale dell' Olanda di Johann Crujff, il pericolo può arrivare da dovunque, non bisogna mai abbassare la guardia. 
Vecchietta che con le tue buste della spesa arranchi nell' andare in Via Procaccini, scansati che arriva il progresso, levati che arriva l’armata a cavallo delle due ruote che canta le sorti magnifiche e progressive dei tubolari, dei sellini e delle borse Freitag ricavate dai teloni dei camion e quindi a costo zero per il produttore e magicamente a costo elevatissimo per l’acquirente. 
Ma siamo ciclisti, chissenefrega se i costi delle nostre borse svizzere firmate sono gonfiati ancora più dei nostri pneumatici e della nostra autostima da hipster! 
Siamo ciclisti, la vita ci sorride, siamo in forma e andiamo in ufficio pedalando! 
E chissenefrega se arrivati in ufficio puzziamo come Marco Pantani dopo una salita alpina e ancora più spesso come il cadavere di Marco Pantani dopo diversi giorni dal suicidio! 
I colleghi devono capire che voi ciclisti urbani siete il futuro che scampanella alla porta! 
Viva la puzza di sudore, viva i muscoli guizzanti, viva le vecchiette arrotate in Via Procaccini e rantolanti per terra sepolte dalle loro stesse buste della spesa! 
Cara la mia vecchia, sappi che non è stato un ciclista a buttarti per terra, è stato il demone del consumismo travestito da sacchetto dell' Esselunga biodegradabile e strapieno di vettovaglie. 
Le vettovaglie dell' Esselunga sono il tuo nemico, vecchiarda, non i velocisti del marciapiede. 
Se talvolta ti investiamo, è solo per educarti ad acquistare meno e acquistare meglio. 
Io lodo le due ruote, il pedale, lo scatto fisso, la bicicletta senza freni! 
Morte al Codice della strada che vieta la circolazione di mezzi non provvisti di impianti di frenatura. 
Fate bene, amici ciclisti, a non mettere i freni, i freni sono solo un mezzo borghese di frenatura delle masse. 
Fate bene a non mettere il cambio, il cambio, lo dice il nome stesso, è per i vili e i voltagabbana. 
Fate bene amici ciclisti tutti con le vostre barbe lunghe, non importa che siate maschi o femmine! 
Colonizzate questa città, riempitela, criticalmassatela! 
Aumentate di numero, riempite i marciapiedi, le piste ciclabili, tutti in bici, tutti in bici, TUTTI IN BICI! 
Un giorno voi con le vostre biciclettine prenderete il potere, amici ciclisti. 
Quel giorno ci sarà il sole, l’aria sarà limpida e le strade saranno finalmente sgombre da ogni automobile. 
Quel giorno so già che uscirò di casa e un ’em ozione strana pervaderà il mio corpo, forse anche una lacrima scenderà sul mio viso per la gioia. 
Perché io, quel giorno, mi fermerò a guardare l’asfalto completamente libero da ogni ingombro, aprirò la portiera, prenderò la mia macchina, e porca puttana quella circonvallazione esterna finalmente sgombra me la devo fare tutta a 130 me la devo fare! 
Change the story's title and subtitle as neededWelcome to MoMAfuku! 
Our specials change daily but art is forever.by Dan Bateyko and Graham Starr 
Change the story's title and subtitle as neededOr, Searching for Chemistry That's Just Not ThereTom and I went out the week before, and I had an okay time -- an okay-enough time to want to get to know Tom better. 
So, the following Saturday, we decide to go out again. 
Aside from his excessive use of the word cute, another thing I'm not digging about Tom is his inability to plan a date. 
He asks me what I want to do. 
And where. 
And when. 
Please, Tom and guys everywhere, learn to be decisive. 
Ask me, How about we get sushi Saturday night at 7:30 at that little place off Oakland Street? 
When you leave it all up to me and I'm already on the fence about you to begin with, I'm really inclined to just say, You know what, I'm actually busy all weekend. 
But after pulling teeth, we eventually decide on dinner and a movie.We opt for Thai food my suggestion, and we meet each other at the restaurant. 
Tom tells me some stories about his lack of interest in decidedly non-American foods. 
I'm not the most daring of eaters either, but I can appreciate good Thai, or Japanese, or Mexican, and I'm always up for trying something new. 
As we talk over dinner, I begin to realize that Tom is exactly like every guy I went to high school with: he's a little bit country. 
He goes hunting and fishing. 
He likes the mountains and burly outdoorsy stuff, like ATVs and shooting pistols at targets. 
He's content with spending a Saturday night driving around in his giant pick-up truck that gets 12 miles to the gallon and doing donuts in parking lots. 
Tom would not feel comfortable in MoMA. 
He might not even feel comfortable in an indie book shop or used record store. 
Not that there's anything inherently wrong with that, but maybe it's just that I like a guy who's a little more ... cultured? 
worldly? 
philosophical? 
I don't know exactly what the word is, but it's something that Tom's missing.We see the newest Will Ferrell/Kevin Hart movie his suggestion and it's actually pretty laugh-out-loud funny Note: like bowling, a movie is not a great first or second date due to the inherent limit on opportunities for communication. 
I think Tom and I hold hands during the movie. 
Or maybe he has his hand on my knee. 
See? 
This was only a few weeks ago, but it's unmemorable. 
After the movie, it's relatively early, and despite my general feeling of blandness toward this and the previous date, for some unknown reason, I'm still a little interested in getting to know Tom better. 
From what I do know, there are some things I like, and some I don't, but he seems like a good guy and we have a fairly good rapport, so I'm inclined to give him a chance. 
We decide to take a ride in his truck to check out a nearby beach.We smoke some pot, we look at the water, we kiss. 
He's an okay kisser, but he seems to not know how to end a kiss. 
I need to end the kisses and then he's left with an expression on his face like when Wile E. Coyote runs off a cliff and doesn't realize there's no longer ground below his feet.We go back to my car and say goodnight.I say, Yea ... you like that word, don't you? 
I'm not crazy about it. 
''`` Yea, he says, Well you are cute. 
''`` Hmm, well goodnight, I say, resisting the urge to drag out the issue further and hoping he can take the hint.How do I rate this date? 
On a scale from 1 I'd rather be in hell, literally to 10 fuck me now! 
, this date gets a 5. 
Just like the First Tom Date. 
It's an okay date. 
It's pleasant and yet completely forgettable.Tom and I continue texting over the next two weeks and I still feel ambivalent about him, but we do see each other one more time: I go to his house and we watch Kill Bill: Volume 1 because he's never seen that series and that is an abomination. 
We watch the movie. 
There's little kissing. 
It becomes apparent as I sit on the couch next to him that there's simply no chemistry between us. 
We don't make plans to watch Kill Bill: Volume 2. 
Tom could potentially make a good friend, though. 
I wouldn't be averse to smoking pot with him on the beach again, but I could do without the making out and I sure as hell could do without the cuties. 
It dawns on me that I knew from the start that I wasn't really into Tom. 
However, because he seemed like a nice-enough guy, I kept giving him the benefit of the doubt, as if I were waiting for sparks to magically appear. 
But now I think sparks don't ever magically appear -- they're either there or they're not. 
Sometimes you think sparks are there, and then over time you learn that they're not. 
But the opposite never happens.I 've learned a lesson in this: listen to my instinct -- it's always right. 
I shouldn't give the guy the benefit, I should give it to my gut. 
If chemistry is there, I 'll know it, and if it's not, why waste my time? 
My time is precious and fleeting. 
* Names have been changed, of course, to protect the innocent.If you like what you just read, please recommend it and then check out more of my ramblings at https://medium.com/@writingsolo or tweet me @writingsolo. 
For other pieces in this Publication, check out 
You need to remember that you are creating something that is the answer to someone's prayer -- you don't need to know who that someone is. 
That someone is out there and needs you to make that brilliant thing. 
You don't have time for second-guessing or doubting yourself. 
You don't have time to worry if it's not good enough. 
If you're going to ask the Universe for shit, you can't collapse when it shows up. 
Take what the Universe gives you and USE IT. 
That is your sacred obligation. 
Take it seriously. 
You think the Universe answers everyone's request? 
Show a little gratitude through action, dammit! 
Just remember that there are a bunch of narcissistic jackasses out there who are ripping people off and being disruptive or whatever, but they aren't actually creating shit. 
So to hell with them and learn this important lesson: just act like a dick. 
Except you won't actually be acting like a dick. 
You 'll be helping fuck up the status quo by helping people. 
You know what this is about, right? 
This is about POWER. 
Don't fear it. 
Squash the fear like the goddamn bug it is. 
Of course it's hard to squash it. 
You're squashing the result of thousands of years of oppression and people socializing others to shut the fuck up. 
Who would think that was easy? 
You are building the fucking future, kiddo. 
So get on with it. 
We haven't got all day. 
While I wish him luck, but I don't think he has much of a leg to stand on. 
And even if his lawsuit is successful, just who's gon na foot the bill? 
Meanwhile, the hospital claims they're stumped as to how something like this can happen. 
To me, the real lesson here is if you ever need to have one of your limbs cut-off, insist on a doggie bag. 
Incidents like these make you realize just what a wasteful, throwaway society we live in. 
I mean, couldn't they have used it to make a lamp or something? 
So Coda 2 and me is workin' the late shift. 
Good money, y’ know, if ya can handle the smell and all. 
An' suddenly Coda turns to me, and I 'll never forget the look on her face, and she says, Rob, she says, I ain't shovellin' no pig guts into no Zamboni to more. 
And I'm floored! 
When you got a BA in Political Science, you count yerself frikkin' lucky to get a grade-A job like shovellin' pig guts into a frikkin' Zamboni. 
But Coda says, I need to have a job with some meanin'. 
I asks her, what the hell do ya need meanin' for? 
Meanin' ain't gon na pay no bills. 
She don't listen. 
She asks me, You ever wonder why they're payin' us to shovel pig guts into a Zamboni? 
Like, what in hell their business model is? 
Like I give two craps what their business model is. 
Me, I 've always figured this place is probably wired to the gills with webcams for guys who get their jollies watchin' people shovel pig guts into Zambonis. 
But that's a theory. 
Anyways, she ups and quits, and goddamn if the frikkin' Zamboni don't jam up two minutes later. 
Just my goddamn luck. 
What year is it? 
What? 
2015 ?! 
Augh, no, too soon! 
I see the problem: a freed zone element was modified. 
The convergence is still developing, the lines are too faint -- I had hoped for 2022 at least. 
Now I'm going to lose precious days refilling the temporal reservoir and the gravity buffers, and meanwhile that bastard Perrault is making the most of his head start. 
And his damage to the timeline is expanding: you're still using internal combustion engines and taking the Republican Party seriously, for Christ's sake. 
Wait ... what's the atmospheric carbon dioxide level. 
. 
? 
Oh ... oh god, no. 
Perrault, I swear, you're going to pay dearly. 
To begin with, the British do not waste their time on such nonsense as fructose, corn syrup or partially hydrogenated anything. 
Their manufacturing begins with country fresh ingredients from Lake District kitchens and ends with weighty oat cakes slathered in dark chocolate. 
Indeed, once they get the cacao flowing, companies like Burtons are not content to leave well enough alone. 
They bake delicate praline-like wafers, add chunks of Australian stem ginger and drench those too. 
I had never heard of their ` chocolate refinery' but now I want to work there.Rolled into tight, cylindrical packages, British cookies are crunchy, chewy morsels of bliss. 
They call them biscuits and our local grocery store carries them in the International Aisle with prices comparable to our county budget. 
He did not fail me. 
The man brought back the some of the finest Scottish shortbread in bricks so heavy as to cause security delays. 
These melt in-your-mouth delicacies are so full of cream and sugar, they cause me to forget about lunch until well, lunch time. 
For my daughter, he brought back a pretty blue and white package of cookies called Hob Nobs. 
Made by McVities, you should know that Hob Nobs are a household name well beyond Stokewell-on-Trent. 
They smell like heaven and make your lunchbox hard to pick up. 
I am not content to remain with my shortbread. 
When my daughter is away at school, I steal her Hob Nobs and eat them. 
Let me be clear, I have no shame or remorse. 
I will be supplying college tuition in about eight years so it all works out, now doesn't it? 
The best thing about McVities is that they have a phone number on the back of their package should a customer have questions, comments or inquiries. 
The British, who show a fondness for calling things by a different name, refer to this phone number as The Care Line. 
Considering my emotional state when I am getting low on the product, the term is an excellent choice. 
I like to imagine myself being brave enough to call the number one day. 
I would reach a kindhearted Brit on the other end ; perhaps someone my age with a lilting accent. 
I'd ask him or her what our two countries could do to remove intimidating trade barriers that can only be the reason why these products are not flowing more freely into my neighborhood store. 
And it is a good thing that it is a Care Line because the person would listen attentively, take notes and offer emotional support. 
Perhaps a friendship could be formed and we would write letters to our respective governments. 
.... 
so in closing, I ask you as President to please turn your attention to the aforementioned obstruction embargo on baked goods as it is clearly unwarranted and enclosed is a product sample that I believe will further illustrate the need for urgent action of which I speak ... ... Looking forward to your soonest reply, I remain sincerely yours, Kimberley Nicholson, Upstate, New York. 
P.S. Sorry about the chocolate smears. 
Change the story's title and subtitle as needed You get the money when I get the ` chorts, Noema! 
''`` Vikram? 
I slurred, still a little hoohazzled, probably. 
Why're you using that voice? 
I squinted at the little numbers on my phone. 
Crackers, it's Monday. 
Last I remembered, it was Tuesday. 
How did you get this number? 
I already had projects going: Corcoran and Lau were waiting by the Ruin Follow collaboration room. 
Beckett was giving a strong side eye to the Absurdist submission warehouse. 
But a new assignment -- to find the nicest shorts! 
-- I could just put that other stuff on hold for a little while. 
I just needed someone who was willing to go to excessive, expensive lengths to set up a single joke.Three hours of scouring Youtube naturally devolved into panicked, bleary scrolling. 
Which became erratic, compulsive, aggressive clicking. 
Which became sobs. 
Which became groping for a bottle. 
Through the bottom of the bottle, I glanced a tweet ... Who, or what, is a Sam Sweetmilk?It's an animated series about a towheaded narcissist gallivanting around the cosmos with his exasperated robot companion. 
Not much else has been revealed except the title character, Sam Sweetmilk, had his memories deleted one year prior to the series' start.The show has big gaps in releases -- nearly two years between episodes. 
And what's all this about lost footage? 
Just how difficult could it be to make an animation?To get a hold of the show's Writer-Director, Jason Lee Weight, and Concept Artist Toby Nicholas Clayton, I had to send my inquiries, along with a blood-brain tissue-urine sample via two nosferatic suits who showed up to my apartment at precisely dusk. 
Typical practice in the animation industry, they assured me. 
Should the tests yield positive results I would receive a parcel in the mail.The ocular implants that seared holograms of Jason and Toby's likenesses into my retinas seems heavy-handed, now that I think back on it. 
The program played, on continuous loop, entries from the show's production blog, The Animation Process.Watching it, I didn't learn a single thing about animation. 
Not one thing. 
But I laughed. 
Which is the point. 
It's the story behind the story that's the most interesting.The first installment of the The Animation Process. 
Which is the process of the animation.While working on various jobs to secure the initial funding for his show, the actual non-holo - Jason -- Classic Jason wrote the second episode. 
The ocular implant Jason's recounting of the experience seemed to center primarily on ruthless alcohol consumption and auto-annihilation. 
This new episode was written on tour with 3 Doors Down back when I was a roadie which is the job I had to go away and do to pay everyone, I had a tour with Squeeze. 
The montage scene animation montages are EXPENSIVE my god was written on the tour bus at an Austrian festival in the middle of nowhere.I wrote it to ` Sweet Georgia Brown', on loop, and sadly I don't think we can legally use the song.That night the guitarist and I drank a bottle of moonshine each, out of these beautiful glass bottles. 
We spent the night talking like red-eyed hobos, gasping and breathing heavily. 
The hangover lasted 3 days. 
3 entire days. 
Near the end of it this guitarist, a 290lb ex-Air Force ex-Fireman rock musician, came to me complaining that he never thought he'd feel okay ever again.I don't know why that's all relevant.At the time of this feature's publication neither 3 Doors Down, nor Sweet Georgia Brown could be reached for comment.Jason tells us all about voice acting and vomit sounds.From alcohol-fueled primordial dream goulash, to semi-conductive animation syrup, Sam Sweetmilk became A Thing.As well as assembling a team of illustrators and animators through unrelenting unrelentedness, a sexy team of ace voice actors would need to be procured.Kevin R. McNally Downton Abbey as the robot Ghostworth, Tricia Pierce Bleach as the heiress Vela, and Chris Betts Hmmm, ergh, hmmm bringing life to side characters. 
Jason himself is voicing Sam Sweetmilk until another voice actor can be downloaded.Jason sent through early manuscripts of episodes 1 and 2 back when I was helping to develop the key characters.I was interested that Sam's personality might become the premise for major plot development. 
I was attracted to a philosophy that Sam's consciousness might experience a shift in paradigm through the arch of his story. 
I thought it would be a fun ride to see something like that play out.He had no memories and to understand who he was and where he was going he would have to journey into an exploration of his mind through his past and present which is fundamentally an exploration of space and time and the perception of exterior reality.Rediscovery of himself and his place in the universe. 
A beginning of a self centered voyage while being challenged by the conflict of relationships between new characters. 
I thought a show like that could be interesting to develop. 
Set against a space backdrop is actually the perfect setting for a story like this. 
I liked the concept that it could be all of these things, and also fur fill the action-adventure-comedy-sci-fi genres.As the result of Sam's mental state being reverted to that of an younger age His mind is under developed. 
it would give him a childlike personality and would serve the basis of the characters humor. 
It wasn't clear from those early scripts that these plot elements would actually appear. 
I was projecting a lot of those ideas onto the story and the characters myself without having discussed any of these things with Jason. 
Jason's scripts are very comedy central. 
His reason for creating the story originally was to write the funniest thing he could think of.Developing a new show that is literally joke after joke isn't really that appealing to me at all.From an audience's perspective, it isn't clear from the pilot episode just where Sam Sweetmilk is going. 
As the show stands now I think it works well in the sci-fi comedy genre. 
The cartoon is typically always used to portray comedy. 
We had to find an art-style that would set the right tone for the Sweetmilk scripts. 
It took a long time to find the right style for Sam.Jason would give an insight into how he imagined the characters based on the script. 
Then we would explore that look through a series of drawings. 
For example Jason had ideas that Vela might have green skin and that Sam's suit would be green and have yellow stripes.These are the first sketches I drew of Sam. 
He was described in the brief as being a bit of a dandy. 
After a year of sketching ideas, we circled back to these first drawings. 
we shaped Sam up a bit and kept his aloof stature and used it as his signature look.We tried some darker suit variations. 
It was important to make Sam stand out onscreen. 
I wanted his suit to reflect the colours of whatever environment he was in.Sam has a more recognisable look with the black spots as opposed to the green look. 
The lack of color lends more towards a future proof fashion I think. 
I remember that the green and yellow stripes reminded me of a jockey suit at the time. 
Those suits are ridiculous out of any sport context and have totally obnoxious colour schemes so that they stand out in the field.It would of suited Sam quite well really.Sam Sweetmilk's memory CTRL + Z'd one year prior to the first episode. 
Hopefully, he hasn't emptied the recycle bin.I could be wrong, but I think these people are being held against their will ... I finished drawing the last scene of episode 2 this weekend.It was actually the very first scene in the episode, so Scene 1 was the last one to get finished. 
We started mid October ` 14. 
In contrast to drawing the first animatic it's been relatively easy.The first episode was difficult because no one was getting paid. 
That's a huge chunk of time without any income.The keyframes for the first episode took lots of planning. 
I was working in a tiny room with no windows in the height of an Indian Summer -- 6am-10pm work hours. 
It took months. 
I got a lot of headaches and became really antisocial. 
It wasn't at all healthy.When you have deadlines, there is no time for second chances.You need to get it right the first time, or simply let the art suffer as a result. 
Keeping a high level of focus is exhausting over these long periods of time. 
We put a lot of effort into presenting the first Kickstarter. 
The Sam Sweetmilk art style is something I 've had to learn from scratch and so has Haakon Haakon Ziegler, Lead Animator. 
I can't imagine this show being able to continue in the future without more artists being employed working on it. 
It's too much work for a small team to hit production deadlines like this. 
It wouldn't be possible without the crowdfunding of course.I'm looking forward to seeing the finished episode later this year. 
Lots of people have had a hand in Episode 2 and that's exciting to see come together. 
It's shaping up to be a fun episode.When you're trying to make something beautiful, there will always be someone on the internet to kill the buzz.A couple of times people have seen Space Dandy and called me to say sorry for my loss, that we surely can't get a cartoon made with such a similar premise. 
That's troubling but we're really different to Space Dandy ... We Did It!There's something stuck to the camera lens.As luck would have it, Jason would have a chance to meet the creator of Space Dandy at the San Diego Comic Con.For our last video we filmed it so it seemed like we'd tricked Shinichiro Watanabe into signing a contract saying not only do we predate Space Dandy by 4 months, but that I'm fun and easy to be around too. 
We lost the footage and I'm kind of bummed out by it.It's hard not to root for Sam Sweetmilk when you consider just a fraction of the work required to produce an animated feature.For a little perspective, the most successful Kickstarter to date -- Bee and Puppycat, was able to raise $ 872,133 to produce nine episodes, each running about six minutes.Studio Ghibli's top grossing film, Spirited Away, had a budget of $ 19million to animate that whimsical, lush setting.Animation isn't just a means for parents to placate children. 
It's an expansive medium to communicate stories and themes that would be otherwise impossible, or even more expensive, for live action films. 
Give Team Sweetmilk a little credit, and a lot of love.Be sure to subscribe to this series of thirsty wails on Channel Frederator! 
The second episode is due ... Stay Tuned for the Next Exciting InstallmentAt the time of this feature's publication, said pastel shirt could not be reached for comment.Write For Us ~ Donations 
OK ... I 've had about enough from you armchair comedians. 
Yes, Colorado legalized recreational marijuana and you came up with a joke about it. 
Congratulations and good luck with your career in standup. 
Seems like the rest of the country believes that everyone in Colorado is running around naked with a joint in each hand. 
In reality, it's not that big of deal, especially for long time Colorado residents. 
The roots of Colorado's love for cannabis run deep no pun intended. 
But out of state conspiracy theorists might try and convince you that Colorado's stoner image was conceived when John Denver, a infamous right wing conspiracy, released Rocky Mountain High in 1973. 
To them, the lyrics of this, Colorado's state song, hint at a dual meaning. 
Let's set things straight by looking at the facts. 
One of the suspicious lyrics is, Friends around the campfire, everybody's high. 
You need to understand that Colorado has the highest mean elevation and highest low point of any state. 
And we are usually at or near the top of the list for most active states. 
I'm confident that John's lyric was actually a warning to tourists that if you come to Colorado and combine thin air with activity-induced endorphins then, yes, you are going to feel high. 
It's the only logical explanation. 
Another lyric in the chorus is, I 've seen it raining fire in the sky. 
Admittedly, that sounds like reefer madness but I saw an interview on PBS during which Denver explained the line. 
He was inspired when backcountry camping with friends at tree line near Williams Lake above Aspen. 
The fire raining in the sky was actually the Perseids meteor shower. 
A reasonable person would surmise that he and his friends were stone cold sober and hallucinating due to the affects of altitude sickness. 
See? 
Another simple explanation. 
Recently, I discovered that Colorado actually has two state songs. 
After reading the lyrics to, Where the Columbines Grow, I can't help but wonder if John was inspired by it as well. 
And the nymphs of the grove in their loneliness rove, but the columbine blooms just the same. 
Pretty trippy, huh? 
In reality, Colorado is NOT a state full pot smoking left wing hippy liberals, althought you might consider that a measurable faction. 
We're actually a battleground state that isn't afraid to elect whacko politicians from either party. 
45% of us voted AGAINST pot legalization. 
The morning after the vote most of us were scratching our heads and wondering out loud, What the heck just happened? 
Undeniably, legalization of recreational marijuana in Colorado has had a positive impact on some businesses. 
Recreational retail pot dealers have learned a few things already about manipulating pricing from big oil companies. 
Prior to Day One of recreational sales they were allowed to make a onetime transfer of product from their medicinal inventory to prime the pump for recreational sales. 
They put the word out that, until they could grow weed specifically for recreational sales, there would be a shortage for the first three months of the year. 
Stoners flocked to the stores and stood in line for hours to pay phenomenally inflated prices for small stashes. 
And then they drove across town and did it again. 
It was pitiful to see them huddled out there in the cold as I drove by on my way to the liquor store. 
The store owners were laughing all the way to the bank until they remembered that banks will not open accounts for pot dealers. 
A whole new industry has emerged: marijuana tourism. 
It's not as simple as driving to Colorado, buying some weed, and cavorting around like a born again Bohemian. 
It's actually illegal to smoke it just about anywhere but your own home. 
Parks? 
Nope. 
Sidewalks? 
Nope. 
Your car? 
Thankfully, nope. 
Ski areas, national parks, national forest, state parks -- don't even think about it. 
Thus, people are hiring tour guides to help them navigate the bureaucracy. 
I think this opens up too many opportunities for scams. 
The Chief Marketing Office of the Girl Scouts of Colorado recently issued a statement that Scouts would not be selling cookies outside of pot shops. 
I think they are missing a big opportunity because edible marijuana is becoming so popular. 
I don't condone any usage of drugs by minors but that shouldn't stop them from capitalizing off the legal cravings of adults. 
It's the American way. 
Admit it -- Thin Mints are an addiction. 
I 've got a box stashed in the back of the freezer behind the vegetables because I know the kids will never go there. 
Thankfully for stoners, there's a workaround. 
Now that stoners don't need pot dealers, the pot dealers can start selling Girl Scout cookies. 
Imagine the text messages between dealer and buyer. 
Scored some righteous sknny mnts for you. 
Meet me at 7 -- 11 in 20 mins. 
In January of 2014, the Colorado State Patrol started tracking citations for driving under the influence of marijuana. 
There were 60 in the first month. 
In comparison, they cited 332 people for driving under the influence of alcohol and 17 for other drugs such as Girl Scout cookie overdoses. 
Colorado's largest newspaper, The Denver Post, appointed a Cannabis Editor and now dedicates an entire section of the paper to the topic including product reviews. 
I 've heard they 've had some problems making deadlines. 
OK. 
That was a cheap shot. 
When you drive into Colorado, the signs say, Welcome to Colorful Colorado. 
Think Hello! 
, not High! 
. 
Colorado is the Spanish word for colored red and alludes to the red rock formations that can be found in many regions of the state. 
Over the years, it's come to also celebrate the diversity of our people. 
I'm OK with that. 
Smoke ` em if you got ` em. 
No pun intended. 
Last week, I helped to chaperone a week-long school trip for my 7th grader and her classmates. 
It was a summer camp-type of place and the kids weren't allowed to bring smartphones or tablets or any such devices luckily, the adults could. 
While the kids were too busy having fun romping through the woods, learning how to build fires, and looking for frogs to miss their devices, there was one problem: Without their phones, the kids had to always ask adults what time it was. 
Not a single one that I saw had a watch, which made me wonder if they even knew what watches are. 
I'm going to guess that they do, but if any of them don't, the Apple Watch, which is now shipping, will teach them what it means to have a clock on their wrist, as well as a web browser. 
Sigh. 
Denmark to Impose Fat Tax: Denmark has imposed what is being called a fat tax on foods such as butter and oil as a way to curb unhealthy eating habits and reduce obesity. 
Yea, who wants to be known as a nation who eats all those those greasy, fattening foods like Danishes. 
People Who Exercise Make More Money: According to several recent studies, people who exercise on a regular basis make more money than people that don't. 
Yea, that's because you have to have a ton of money to even be able to afford a gym membership. 
Movement to Ban Circumcision Gaining Support: Activists promoting circumcision bans for minors are gaining support across the nation. 
If their efforts are successful, circumcision could become a violation of the penal codes. 
Hope you guys are enjoying your Cinco de Mayo. 
Although if Mad Men is any indication, that goes without saying. 
Slap a secretary on the ass for me, will you? 
Just looking over the latest deck you sent over, and I wanted to provide some crystal clear direction on how we see our brand voice. 
When push comes to shove, our product is not differentiated at all, so our brand voice is truly what separates us. 
Authentic: We always need to be true to who we are as a brand and what we stand for. 
What are those qualities? 
We're not quite sure, but we better be authentic to them. 
Approachable: Despite the very specific restrictions on how we must preface our claims, we really want to sound like a brand you'd like to have a beer with. 
The only difference is that the beer comes with about 12 lines of legal copy and side-effect warnings. 
Authoritative: When we speak, people should listen. 
It doesn't matter if we're talking about the best way to wipe your ass or defending why we still us GMOs in certain products. 
What we say goes. 
Think Hitler-type authority, but you know, without the genocide fingers crossed -- still waiting on some study results. 
Before I continue, please reread those. 
No other brand can claim to be those three things. 
What we're really trying to do here is inspire people to be the best version of themselves. 
Everything we put out should do this. 
But we can not stop there, to deliver on our brand promise of being the best value product on the market, we must enable and celebrate those who achieve more with us by their sides. 
Now, I know it's a holiday, but if you could get your team back from the bar to make revisions based on our specific and unique brand voice and vision, that would be great. 
We'd like to circle back with a 10:00 am regroup, at which time we will cut our budget in half. 
P.S: Legal says we can't use any of the claims we previously okayed. 
Please adjust accordingly while keeping the same message, but in a more general maybe kind of way. 
Change the story's title and subtitle as neededMy son is nearly six years old, and has the musical taste befitting of my progeny ; which is to say his taste is a cloud that centers around a non-performing entity from Athens, GA.Of the multitude of bands he likes which includes angry Modest Mouse and grumpy The National are The Decemberists. 
The English-major chamber pop band from the Pacific Northwest, who's Athens connection has emerged over the years.They released a new record this year and Eli fell in love with it, as did his mom and I. 
When they announced a tour I figured he would be old enough to take. 
His first rock show, something special with his parents. 
While we are still cool to him.I have seen the Decembrists roughly once every two years for the past decade plus. 
The first show was in a club with only thirty people in San Diego. 
My sister pinched the lead singers cheek after proclaiming, He's so CUTE! 
We are fans, and in the absence of the quartet from Georgia, this would be a perfect first show for a five year old: unoffensive, fun, not too loud and we like it as well.My first show was Sheela Easton at the Concord Pavillon in 1985. 
I was roughly the same age as my son is now in fact. 
I don't remember that show other than it was late, I was tired, we were on the lawn and that meant I could sleep. 
I hoped for something better this time.Music is important to me, if that isn't obvious, and live music is something even more special. 
A live show is such a leap of faith experience. 
You pay money months ahead of time, you get there early after braving traffic and parking fees. 
Sometimes you have to walk a great distance to get into the show.Once you are there you queue, you get your bags searched, maybe you get a drink for an enormous mark up. 
And still you are waiting for a show to start, often for many hours and through many bands you may not care about.All the while you are effectively locked in. 
If you leave you forfeit the experience.If it's good, it's transformative. 
If it's great, its other worldly and triggers emotions you forget you had. 
Skin flushing, eyes watering, smile muscles hurting emotions.I love live music. 
I loved everything about R.E.M. touring, from the moment the routing was announced to meeting with fans at the show. 
It dictated my travel schedule and often my mood. 
Going to a great show is like filling up the well of things will be OK in the end. 
So yes, this show was kind of loaded for me. 
My son's first rock show. 
The first Decemberist show in a long time. 
A rare treat to go see music with my wife.We prepped well. 
Eli had a pair of shooting muffs for his ears, and he wore his finest Wookie hoodie. 
We had hospitality suite and after show access and great seats. 
With his Wookie jacket, he was a hit with everyone he saw, who often gave him a high five.We took our seats.The show starts with Colin Meloy alone on the stage. 
Eli lit up and basically looked like this the entire night.He stood on his seat, danced to songs, sang along. 
Gave high fives and fist bumps to people near by. 
He got really tired and slightly delirious by the end, which was funny.Toward the end of the night, the band performed the song 12 -- 17 -- 12 which was written in the aftermath of the Sandyhook shooting.Eli was sitting on my lap, head on my shoulder as the band sang: What a gift, what a gift you can give me 
A light upon the waterAt that point Eli gave me a kiss on the cheek.To see things through the eyes of your children is to relive the experience all over again. 
To know that he will always remember this experience, as I did my first concert, makes the recombination exponentially more powerful.We will both grow: him older, me old. 
We 'll always remember that on one spring evening in Los Angeles, under the pines and in the dark, he and his parents looked at a bunch of people from Portland perform on a big stage.And get eaten by a cardboard giant whale.What a terrible world, what a beautiful word 
7500 dead and 500,000 homes need to be rebuilt and yet today day 12 I sat with a group of friends talking about some of the good things that have come out of this horrible disaster -- beauty from ashes. 
One friend talked about crouching under a table holding his mother's hand and staring into her eyes during the most terrifying 60 seconds of their lives. 
Another talked about how their family's home was badly damaged so they hung tarps up in an open space to sleep and cook together outside for days. 
Both of them talked about how those shared moments have brought their families closer together than ever before. 
I am blessed to hear that families found healing, restoration and a new start crouching under tables and sleeping under tarps during the rain. 
LORD -- may relationships of all kinds be strengthened and renewed through this horrible situation. 
You are in the business of turning bad things good and we want to see more and more and more of exactly this in the days and weeks ahead. 
Amen. 
Hold on, I need to call my mom real fast. 
I told him, and stepped outside onto the bustling street. 
She didn't pick up ; I had forgotten she was on some women's bible study retreat. 
I retreated away from the glass walls of the restaurant and released some tears. 
I went back inside, and he glanced toward me with concern. 
I nodded, because it's not polite to burst into uncontrollable sobs in the middle of a Thai restaurant. 
And this place has amazing drunken noodles and it would be a shame if I could never return due to tear induced shame. 
But I wasn't okay. 
We'd been talking about our families: our grandparents and our parents. 
My family is broken and his isn't. 
You usually can't tell, but our stories are drastically different. 
As he talks about his memories with his grandmother, I can picture her kind face and her soothing voice as she squeezes the life out of me. 
She's the best. 
There's a picture of me on her desk and I'm sure she loves me more than my own living grandmother. 
But when I tell him how my maternal grandmother would sew me halloween costumes and teach me how to make traditional filipino bibingka, his eyes kinda glaze over because he's never met her and never will. 
There are a lot of these rose tinted Pre-divorce memories I have of my family. 
Younger me didn't quite realize that we spent so much time at my grandmother's because she had cancer ; I didn't quite process how my parents' verbal spats were symptoms of grander issues that simply would never be resolved. 
Moments of clarity were sporadic, like when my father would insist on playing his favorite Andrea Bocelli CDs on the stereo and my mother would beg him to turn it off because she just knew that would be the song played at her father's funeral. 
Or when my father told 8-year-old me I should get plastic surgery to fix my nose. 
These were small cruelties, not really comparable to the hole in their bedroom door from his fist. 
But they were cruelties nonetheless. 
My point isn't that I have a rough past. 
I don't need to write this to prove that. 
It's that while the intentions of saying Be with someone from a broken family might be kind and pure, we shouldn't be glorified. 
I'd like to think that I embody some of the positive traits listed in Sky Lacea's article. 
I'm fiercely independent, to the point where I'm hesitant to let others help me, even when I might need it. 
I'm determined to never inflict the same emotional scars that are embedded under my skin. 
Still, the realities of my self and my relationships are a lot more complicated than a list of reasons why I'd be a great partner. 
He knows first hand. 
We met in the calm before the storm that was my parents' divorce, and we do our best to support one another. 
We 've both been through a lot in our four years together, and my being from a broken family is one of the many hurdles we 've managed to jump over. 
He tells me that my past has only made me emotionally stronger. 
But tensions still arise. 
I struggle to relate to my siblings who have their own families to worry about as my mother and I try to make it on our own, and he simply doesn't understand what it's like to be in college with a self-employed single mother. 
He's incredibly empathetic but there's just no way to fully comprehend what it's like when he comes from a wonderful family with loving parents who are both employed. 
Sometimes, I'm simply not strong enough, and when I falter I inadvertently shut my self off from the people that matter to me most. 
As the article I'm responding to states, I value trust. 
And when I do trust, I do so lovingly and whole-heartedly. 
I try to be as honest as possible ; he says part of what makes us work is that he can trust me to speak the truth, even when that honesty is not what he wants to hear. 
But as much as I love and trust him, my broken past occasionally prevents me from being the partner I want to be. 
My father would have these episodes when my parents would engage in screaming matches. 
He'd declare Fine! 
You're on your own, storm out the door, and disappear for a couple months. 
Each time, I thought I was watching my father walk out from my life forever. 
The fear and turmoil of hearing the tires screech against the asphalt, again and again, still lives within me. 
He's planning to be abroad for four months in the summer. 
We don't know yet where he 'll be, and we don't know if he 'll have access to the internet or any other forms of communication. 
He's going off into the great unknown. 
And he promises me he 'll come back to me, and it's only a few months. 
But every time he talks about going abroad I just envision my father's Honda Civic high-tailing toward the sunset. 
Will he return? 
If he does, will things ever be the same? 
I'm trying to confront my fear of abandonment and my difficulty in trusting my loved ones. 
I know that my future kids will have a very different childhood than mine. 
I 'll do everything in my power to ensure that. 
Just, every now and then, everything breaks down and all those nice things about kids from broken families don't matter. 
Despite those upsides, we're still a bit broken ourselves. 
And you shouldn't want to date someone who's from a broken family because they're from a broken famiy. 
You shouldn't want to date someone from a broken family because they need fixing, or they fulfill a checklist of good qualities. 
You should want to date someone because you care for them, and they care for you: no matter where you both come from. 
I 'll be the first to admit that while I might be a good girlfriend 89% of the time, I'm still difficult to deal with due to my insecurities a plethora of other issues. 
And if I were to make a list of reasons why one should date me, being from a broken family wouldn't make it in the top 10. 
It's a label that I have, and it 'll always be a part of me, but I don't want to be remembered or cherished as such. 
there was a two-level house, built in the 1920s, with green shutters and white siding. 
It had a living room, a family room, a kitchen with space for a large table, an office, a garage, a basement, and three bedrooms. 
Two of the bedrooms were occupied ; the third had a daybed, occasionally laid out for visiting family members. 
In the family room, a large-screen TV, when off, was the focal point of the room. 
When on, the TV was the focal point of the house. 
And usually the phone was unplugged, to avoid interruption. 
The family room was brown with wood paneling on one side and shelves on the other. 
The shelves were made of oak but appeared to be imitation because oak has a way of appearing to be an imitation of itself. 
On the shelves was an old set of Encyclopedia Britannica and a photo taken last year in Niagara Falls where Lindsey and Russell, owners of the house, went for their fifteenth wedding anniversary. 
During the trip it rained, and the photo was blurry. 
But its pride of place reminded its owners of their first visit to the Falls, their honeymoon, a trip that left them without any photos, blurry or otherwise, because Lindsey felt nauseous on the first day and spent the rest of the week in the hotel room. 
Although they did not know it at the time, she had been pregnant. 
The Encyclopedia Britannica, unlike the TV, was not a focal point, was never featured in conversation and was rarely considered more than part of the decor. 
Except for one day when Lindsey and Russell's son, Robbie, a third-grader, referenced a volume to point out something interesting to his father. 
Dad. 
Look at this gaur. 
Robbie lay on his stomach in the family room. 
He faced the TV but ignored it. 
He fingered the thick pages and flipped them over. 
They were glossy and smooth but matted from humidity and being pressed on the shelves. 
He had to lick his fingertips to unstick them. 
After a minute, Robbie's father answered, What? 
Not taking his eyes off the game, he continued to grab a handful of chips from the bowl on his lap, squeezed them until they broke, and then fit them into his mouth in a sweeping almost elegant movement. 
Doesn't he look soft, if you touch his fur, he looks soft. 
Robbie pushed over the large volume opened to a page that had a large animal, not unlike a cow, covered in blackish-silvery hide that resembled velvet. 
Ugly. 
Russell pushed the book and Robbie away with his toe. 
It doesn't look soft. 
Oh come on! 
Catch the damn ball. 
What do we pay them for? 
Football was on the TV. 
Lindsey entered from the kitchen, drying her hands and wrists. 
She picked up dishtowels when she traveled. 
This one was from Pittsburg. 
What happened? 
Mom! 
Look at this gaur. 
Robbie flipped back to the page with the gaur. 
Doesn't it look soft? 
Russell said, waving at the TV, The idiot missed the seventeen-yard pass on the fifteenth. 
Right through his hands! 
Mom! 
Robbie tilted his head. 
Swearing had always been a part of the household, but Robbie, precocious, felt a duty to rid his home environment of this habit. 
Hang on. 
She pointed a finger at her son to silence him. 
Her finger was pink and wrinkly from dishwater. 
Her eyes fixed on the TV. 
Moo-ommm! 
Look at this gaur. 
Dad says it doesn't look soft but it does. 
Look. 
He tried to lift the book, but it was too heavy. 
He adjusted, sat squat on his knees, and raised the book in both hands. 
Shhhh. 
His dad, standing now in front of the screen, chip bowl in hand, waved behind him for the room to be still. 
Here's the replay. 
Yeah, right through. 
Christ. 
What do we pay them for ?! 
Lindsey tapped the book, which her son held aloft, absently with her pink and wrinkled finger. 
She turned and left the room, calling out Come help me dry, Robbie who dropped the book on the floor and followed her to the kitchen where he continued to press the issue of gaurs and velvet. 
Later that night, someone put the volume back on the shelf, but not in the right place. 
And the phone back on the hook. 
Robbie began: Mom, Dad. 
Thank you. 
I'm glad we are here. 
What is this? 
Russell looked at his wife. 
Where is dinner? 
Twenty minutes. 
I told Robbie he could have twenty minutes. 
Robbie waited for his parents to finish and continued. 
OK. 
So. 
Thank you for both making it. 
I'm glad we are all here. 
Yes, sweetie. 
Lindsey was encouraging but anxious. 
The casserole was browning. 
Lindsay turned to her son. 
Sweetie, what are you talking about? 
Did you mean ` teaching'? 
You learned that in school? 
Lindsey, what is he talking about? 
I don't know. 
Robbie, what are you talking about? 
Touching. 
It is how to stop bullying. 
Oh bullying. 
Lindsey nodded to her husband, They 've been having issues, some kid got beat up. 
Well, -- scratched or something. 
Two girls. 
They got sent home. 
They must have done some program or something to teach the kids about bullying. 
Robbie felt his cheeks get warm and continued, Bullying is two people who don't like each other and they fight. 
What that is called is violet crime. 
VIOLENT crime, his mother corrected. 
Violet is a color. 
And this isn't really ` violent crime' sweetie ... 
Violent crime, Robbie repeated. 
He pushed his hands, which were already touching, tighter together. 
Violent crime could include yelling, slapping, biting, pulling, pushing, kicking ... hang on, I forget the last one ... 
Robbie, this is not bullying. 
Bullying is -- 
No, Dad! 
Robbie yelled. 
I always forget the last one! 
Robbie tightened his hands and pushed down into the floor with his feet. 
He felt certain the word would emerge if he clenched his muscles and held on to the thought. 
Robbie's thoughts swam and his face became red. 
It was in there, he had just heard it today ... 
Sweetie, it's OK. 
You 'll get it. 
Lindsey said brightly. 
PUNCHING. 
And punching. 
He had the word. 
He sat up straight and dropped his hands on his lap. 
Punching? 
Robbie, do you even know what punching is? 
His dad asked. 
So how does ` touching' stop bullying, sweetie? 
Tell us, Lindsey encouraged. 
It does! 
And it isn't just all touching. 
He felt the floor rising to meet his feet again. 
Like, that violent crime I said is touching. 
That is not good. 
But OK touching is OK. 
Like, holding hands, that is OK touching. 
Yes, holding hands is good. 
You are right, that is not violent crime. 
Oh for crying out loud! 
Russell faced his son Look, Robbie ... 
Dad! 
No! 
Listen! 
Sometimes you and Mom are bullies. 
It would be better if instead of bullies, we hold hands. 
What is he talking about? 
Robbie, what are you talking about? 
His dad asked. 
You yell! 
Robbie increased his volume. 
You should hold hands. 
Look. 
Like this? 
Like this. 
He grabbed his mom's hand and held it. 
It was warm. 
He felt her ring ; it was cold. 
. 
Like this, he continued quietly. 
Then he reached out for his Dad's hand. 
It was also warm, but not as soft. 
The fingers were thicker and the lines deeper, almost ridges. 
His father didn't have a ring. 
I 'll get it. 
Sweetie, talk to your Dad. 
I 'll be right back. 
Lindsey dropped her son's hand. 
Yes? 
Oh hi! 
... We're just about to ... Yes, he's here ... Yeah, after school ... 
Russell dropped his son's hand and looked at his face to say, clearly: Robbie, your Mom and I are married. 
We fight. 
We yell. 
It's what we do. 
You 'll get it when you grow up. 
Dad, listen ... Robbie felt his voice come from his chest this time. 
It came out loud and clear and strong, almost pushing against his teeth and lips. 
No. 
Now you listen. 
Russell stood up in a jolted motion, led by his gut and hips, his legs following in an afterthought. 
I 've never hit your mother. 
Or you. 
This is ridiculous. 
You don't know the first thing about ` bullying. 
''' Then Russell muttered to himself Just wait until you get into high school. 
Going around touching everyone ... 
Robbie didn't answer. 
He figured his Dad must be holding on tight to something, so he wouldn't lose it. 
He wasn't sure what, but he did not want to interrupt until his Dad found it. 
Your mother and me are married. 
Married people fight. 
You yell. 
You don't know what you are talking about. 
There are other families that have issues and trouble, but we are not one of them. 
Robbie heard his mother on the phone. 
Yes, we have a set in the family room. 
Gosh, we haven't used them in years ... Right ... Right ... Uh huh ... No, that is imposs ... 
I 've never touched your mother. 
Ever. 
Do you hear me? 
Do you understand that? 
Lindsey! 
At this point, Robbie felt a tightness, in the middle of his chest. 
As if his father's words had been wrapped up into a tight, heavy ball and shot at his chest. 
It just sat there. 
He felt hot. 
Lindsey was still on the phone in the kitchen. 
But it seemed like she was done talking and soon after hung up the phone. 
Russell shouted to her This is ridiculous. 
Can we please eat? 
Lindsey slowly walked into the room, holding the phone. 
That was Paige. 
David's Mom. 
The school had been trying to get through all day, I took the phone off the hook. 
What? 
Who? 
What kid? 
What are you talking about? 
Encyclopedias. 
I think one of ours. 
She sat down, hard, on the couch. 
The other kid is bleeding. 
Broken nose, lip. 
Teachers had to pull him off. 
She put her hands to her face and held her head which felt very heavy. 
Robbie was silent. 
He looked at the floor and wondered if he pressed really hard against it and tightened all of his muscles, the ball on his chest would go away. 
Christ, Russell! 
Lindsey was on her feet again, turning to her husband. 
Well, what do you want me to do? 
This isn't my fault! 
Talk to him! 
Tell him how wrong this is. 
That we don't do this! 
I have to make calls, I have to call .... 
Shit. 
Shit. 
Shit ... You talk to him. 
She waved her hands and her ring flashed in the light. 
Then she left the room. 
Robbie. 
What the hell were you thinking? 
I don't know what to do with you right now. 
I can't believe you did this. 
And YOU accuse US of being bullies. 
Where did you get this? 
What made you think this was ok? 
This is not ok. 
Russell kept talking and made a few more points. 
Lindsey made calls. 
Robbie knew he was in trouble but just stayed quiet. 
His dad kept talking at him. 
Eventually he stopped. 
It's been 8 months. 
I 've been thinking of a perfect timing to do this, and before I realized how important it is to start early, I had been cold about it. 
Then one fine day, I came across this amazing psychology fact in an article that got me panicking: 
For hundred days subsequent to her death, I mourned. 
Every single day I would try my best to reencounter what we had before and what she went through all those times. 
I try hard to recall all the details, revising them whenever I can in fear of losing them one day. 
I am also afraid my brother of 7-years would be too young right now to remember who his mother is 10 or 20 years later. 
Because over time, memories do fade, memories do distort. 
Hence, I want to write it down as much as I can. 
For whoever's sake. 
I recently read this article featured on Medium. 
It raised complicated and distressing emotions within myself. 
This may be a strange response to a piece where the author has tried to paint people like myself in a positive light, but I believe these are valid feelings and I wanted to explore them. 
Here are my thoughts on broken families and their survivors. 
The definition of a broken family or broken home has always baffled me. 
In general, it is assumed that this is a family where one parent has left the family, or a divorce has taken place. 
I want to challenge that outright! 
There are so many families that are nonfunctional, yet considered whole. 
When you take the term at face value, the denotation of broken family is much more subtle than mere physical or legal separation implies. 
A modern interpretation of broken family is a family where the nuclear members can not function as a whole, often ignore, bully or abuse other individuals within the family, or where any one of the family members is too unstable to fully interact with the others. 
While this encompasses a much wider spectrum, I implore you to consider the ramifications of the family unit being torn or dysfunctional ; is this not a type of brokenness? 
Just because all the people who belong in the family live under the same roof, it does not mean that they are all present, respectful, and engaged in each other's lives. 
And this is a problem I see facing so many as I grow older. 
If you come from a traditionally broken family, you look at other families, see two parents that are living with their children, and assume that because they are all physically present the family is much more intact than your own. 
This is a dangerous assumption because it is almost never true: name one family you know where all the people are engaged in each others' lives, make time for each other, and support one another's goals and dreams. 
Growing up, friends who were missing a parent would tell me I was lucky to have my father in my life if I complained about him, but I did not feel that way. 
He often yelled more then necessary and bullied my brother and myself. 
I did not see my family as a unit ; I saw us as separate entities trying to make it in the same house. 
Others who had an unhappy parent leave them would mourn ; I would ask them, Why? 
It made no sense to me. 
If someone poisoning their family unit had left of their own free will, why then should they cry? 
This gives the remaining members time to heal ; to grow stronger. 
If they work hard, they can be their own complete, engaged family unit who cares, listens, supports, and works to help each other grow. 
I saw them not as having lost a member, but a cancer. 
In summation, I believe I recoiled from the article because people from broken families do not always possess the qualities listed. 
These people aren't just for you to lean on ; they too need someone to help them along. 
I feel that the article is making a lot of assumptions -- The article assumes that all people from broken families meet this ideal when we don't. 
We have our own issues, and I personally do not measure up to that laundry list of how I should be. 
I am actively working on these issues that I have, but not everyone will do the same. 
I feel that the article glosses over all the hard work we have to do to get where we are. 
These attributes do not sprout and grow overnight. 
They have to be planted by kind people and cultivated. 
We have to unlearn the negatives -- lashing out, demeaning, hitting, and other hurtful gestures are not the only way to make a point. 
You do not have to tear someone down in order to build yourself up. 
When I think about all the growth I have done, and all the growing I need to keep doing, I think of the people who are still stunted ; the ones who are not able to look forward. 
The saddest thing to me is when people do not try to provide a good, stable life for their children. 
So many who were hurt, broken, or abused as children go on to do the same things to their own babies. 
They either are unable or unwilling to make the connection that better is not good. 
So many parents these days belittle their kids' struggles, saying that they faced much harder lives themselves, and I want to ask you, is that is truly what matters? 
Is it good enough for their lives to be better? 
What, do you only bully them half as much? 
To a child -- a person we all once were -- resentful comments cause the most anguish and damage because they can sense not only your annoyance at their supposed failing, but also your bitterness because they may be better off. 
We are supposed to want them to have it all -- We did not survive our own homes to create distressing environments, ourselves. 
We are better and stronger than that, and we need to persevere, to remember to be kind and attentive. 
To make sure that their lives truly are good lives ; a quality that can not be measured against our own lives. 
The science of shopping with four children: Unbuckle three seat belts and one five-point harness, body-block the open van door to prevent escape. 
Hoist the toddler onto your hip and let her hang loosely and trusting from your collar. 
Squeeze two sets of fingers in your free hand and look both ways. 
Wait for your wife, who shifts the weight of your three year old son in her arms because he's too tired to walk. 
File through the automatic doors and call out to your daughters, who have freed themselves from your grip and are now sprinting across the store past the overpriced packaged foods and cheap plastic toys. 
Watch them disappear somewhere between aisles six and ten. 
Every time our son Leif successfully poops in not-his-pants, we take him to the local corner store to buy a toy car. 
I say local corner store, but I mean the national pharmacy mega-franchise whose name Leif pronounces C-B-S. 
Pharmacies aren't the kid-friendliest shops. 
A quick inventory of items at a one year old's eye-level yields batteries, drain cleaner, garden shears, anti-depressants, and God knows what else. 
That means the toddler stays off the floor, and that means the toddler screams. 
I'm convinced that there's some evolutionary principle at work in my one year old's scream. 
Susan and I have discussed this. 
After our first child, each subsequent child has exhibited an exponential increase in volume. 
As the youngest of four, our daughter has the lungs of a bald eagle caught in a sonic boom. 
A last defense against the inevitability of being left out by her older siblings, I suppose. 
Within six minutes, windows are shaking, rats are fleeing the subbasement, and our few fellow customers are starting to glare. 
I do my best to subdue the squirming, screaming child, but her volume is paralyzing and my brain has begun shutting down all but my body's essential functions. 
Our older girls also exhibit signs of stress, arguing with each other and pushing. 
Susan peels the toddler away and gives me the I'm taking these kids to car before I die of embarrassment look. 
She calls to the girls and herds them toward the exit, ignoring their protests with restraint that could rival the Queen's Guard. 
When they're almost out the door, the baby arches her back and swings her arms, knocking Susan's glasses off her head and sending them skittering across the floor. 
Susan adjusts her hold on the baby and bends down to retrieve them, looking up to shoot a few eye-daggers in my direction. 
I cringe and mouth the word sorry. 
Our son remains with me. 
With peace returned to C-B-S, Leif only takes a few minutes to waffle between this blue car and the other blue cars. 
Satisfied with his choice, he proudly carries it to the front of the store and sets it on the counter. 
The woman on the till gives him a big smile. 
My son nods, wrapping his arms around my leg and peering shyly up at the cashier. 
She sighs and puts her hand to her chest, next to a name bright red name tag that says Donna. 
He is just darling, Donna says. 
You must be doing something right, Daddy. 
Your little boy is so polite. 
She leans over the counter and lowers her voice. 
Not like that other thing that just got dragged out of here. 
Generations ago, the more kids you had, the better your prospects became. 
Each was a fresh pair of hands, help in the fields, future caretakers during your sunset years. 
Not so in the modern world. 
Culture is optimized for individuals and pairs. 
Family-oriented activities or establishments might target units of three to four, but every child after number two is a strain on their resources. 
Susan and I learned this early on. 
Houses large enough to fit a five-plus member family are expensive. 
Travel is inconvenient there are no group rates for plane tickets. 
Even our kids' school is guilty -- tickets to a Father-Daughter Dance were sold by the pair. 
When I told them I had two daughters at the school and asked if one ticket would suffice, they looked at me like I'd asked them to solve Cheryl's birthday. 
Add the increased likelihood of misbehavior -- keeping four kids in line is a life-sized game of Whack-A-Mole -- you start to see that big families aren't just impractical, they're often all but discouraged. 
So, I'm rarely surprised by people's reactions to my kids. 
They're loud. 
They're unpredictable. 
Sometimes they're rude. 
I don't stress out about it ; we're doing the best we can. 
But ... that other thing. 
Thing ?! 
She's talking about my baby girl! 
Donna's eyes go wide just for a moment before she looks down at the register. 
Her words tumble out. 
On the way out the door, I imagine myself saying all sorts of clever, terrible things to Donna, or cursing her with a litter of terrors that make my kids look like saints. 
Leif pulls me back to reality. 
I love C-B-S, he says. 
He beams at his new truck, cradling it to his chest like a baby bird. 
I'm glad, buddy, I say, and I mean it. 
I'm glad those little metal trucks make him happy. 
Glad he got to feel like a big kid shopping with his dad. 
Glad he didn't poop in his pants. 
Glad Donna's comments sailed right over his head. 
As we walk hand-in-hand toward the minivan, Leif and I hear the muffled sound of laughter punctuated by loud, silly noises. 
The two older girls are goofing off for their baby sister and her screaming fit has been forgotten. 
I don't know how many people will witness our family during our worst moments. 
I don't want to know. 
But I do know that few will have the privilege to be there for the sweet moments when my daughter draws her sister a picture, or my son comforts the baby when she falls down, or when the girls stick up for each other on the playground. 
Sometimes this feels unfair. 
At this moment, at least, I'm glad. 
It's my family, and sometimes those sweet moments are just for us. 
I traveled with my niece and my nephew's brother I 'll let you figure that one out to Alma, Wisconsin to visit my brother. 
We met up with my sister, her husband, their two daughters, and a young lady from Spain. 
My brother and I were a little confused as to who the lady from Spain was. 
While we were there, my brother frequently asked the nieces if they had ever been on a real vacation before. 
He doesn't consider being served frozen smoothies poolside at a resort a real vacation. 
A real vacation is where you get to work for free. 
I can't say the vacation got off to an auspicious start. 
Somehow, I ended up at a mall. 
Specifically, the Mall of America. 
Even worse, at an amusement park in the Mall of America. 
With my own kids 1400 miles away, I kept thinking What am I doing here? 
On the way out, wouldn't you know we came across one of those teeny bopper clothing stores? 
I'm not sure what is worse -- being at an amusement park in a mall or at a store for tweens in a mall. 
The girls spent their souvenir money for the week in those first few hours. 
The vacation picked up after that. 
Activities included counting hundreds of deer at dusk, four wheeling, target shooting, riding in the back of a pickup, swimming in the Mississippi, eating ice cream at Nelson's, tasting wine at a local winery, jumping hay bales, playing a mean game of Monopoly the Spanish girl won, watching multiple instructional deer videos on VHS, and taking in some very beautiful views. 
My sister and and I redecorated with what we had on hand, which included a couch from the 1970's and a pink daybed from my house. 
We hauled stuff up, down, and across. 
We actually worked quite well with each other, and we were so proud of what we accomplished. 
However, because we were so anxious to get going, we didn't take before pictures, so it's a little hard to convey how much better the presentation is with the after pictures. 
So you will have to take our word for it. 
The kids were responsible for planting apple trees. 
My brother told them they were going to work until they were crying and had blisters and couldn't take it anymore. 
And then they were going to work some more. 
After working, Dave told everyone to get showered two at a time. 
The little ones went one step further by not closing the shower curtain and having water from the upstairs shower provide water for those showering downstairs. 
Of course, the kids had their moments. 
The younger two bickered like only 8-year-old best friends can. 
And the two older ones bickered like only a teenage boy and a teenage girl who are unrelated can -- with as much physical contact as they think they can get away with. 
Who knows what the very lovely young lady from Spain thought of all this. 
She went from spending a couple weeks with a vegan family in Charlotte to being served venison sausage as an appetizer in Alma. 
I never did call her by her name because I was afraid of mispronouncing it. 
My brother had no problem bellowing it out, but I don't think he ever actually got it quite right. 
She tried to correct him a couple times, but then gave up. 
On our way back to the airport, we stopped in Red Wing for caramels at Knudsen's. 
This conversation transpired: 
My brother, Massachusetts. 
North Carolina. 
Spain. 
All over! 
What brought us to Alma? 
I'm not sure, but I hope it brings us back. 
Most of my work boils down to this one question, but today, it's nipping at me with particular urgency. 
That's because it's my 44th birthday, and as I often do on my birthday, I find myself taking stock of my life, and the past year in particular. 
It has been a year in which I 've made some dramatic life changes -- changes that, a year ago, I would have been loathe to even consider. 
Chief among them: leaving Vision Critical so that I can work at home, in part to be more available to our kids. 
The wheels were set in motion not long after my last birthday, when the latest school crisis forced us to recognize that our highly challenging, highly gifted 8-year-old just isn't going to thrive in the mainstream school system. 
After a lot of soul-searching, we opted for homeschooling, and I reorganized my work to support that decision. 
A lot of people have since told me that the first year of homeschooling is, to put it bluntly, a disaster. 
And that has certainly been part of our experience. 
I started with my usual game plan: staff it out. 
I have honed the art of hiring great people, and we 've had some amazing people on both the home and work fronts over the years. 
But homeschooling an 8-year-old with a 99.9% IQ, assorted learning challenges and an incredibly stubborn personality isn't so easy to staff out. 
I just need to find a physics Ph.D. with special needs training who's willing to work for $ 50k/year, I joked to friends. 
Even I -- a great believer in asking for exactly what you want in a prospective employee -- knew that was a tall order. 
By January, I thought I had solved it. 
I had a contract with Vision Critical and a recurring speaking engagement that would only take me on the road a couple of days of month -- in other words, enough work to keep me happy, and not so much that it would prevent me from working with our son too. 
I had found a full-time caregiver with special needs experience, who could work with our little guy close to full-time, and full time on the days when I was on the road. 
We had even found a wonderful private school that had enrolled our son for an hour a day, so he could feed his passion for math and be around other kids. 
Then it all fell apart. 
In the space of 72 hours, the caregiver decided it wasn't a fit, and the speaking engagement cancelled. 
I still had work -- just not enough work to justify full-time childcare. 
But something else happened in that 72-hour period. 
Our occasional babysitter, a talented undergrad who comes awfully to that fantasy Ph.D. student, told us she was now available two days a week. 
Just enough time, in other words, for me to get my remaining work done. 
So I stopped trying to solve the equation myself, and let myself take the path that was laid out for me. 
I'd work during the two days a week when our caregiver was available, as well as during my son's classes and appointments, and on evenings and weekends. 
And I'd be his primary teacher and caregiver three days a week. 
Unlike some full-time working mothers, I 've never fantasized about staying home with my kids. 
I grew up with a full-time working mother, so that's my normal. 
And since I finished my Ph.D. during my first year of parenthood, I 've always felt like I need to put all those years of investment to work -- not spend them baking brownies and organizing playdates. 
And yet here I am: close to a full-time working mother in terms of how I spend my hours, but nothinglike a full-time working mother in terms of how I spend my days. 
To outside eyes, I look a lot like a stay-at-home mom: shlepping kids to class, coaxing my son through his schoolwork, wearing sweats because what's the point of dressing nicely if you're just going to be chasing someone through the park? 
The most surprising part: I 've never been happier. 
Yes, it can be brutally hard -- like this morning, when I couldn't convince my son to eat, get dressed or leave the house. 
But it's also delightful -- like yesterday, when I saw my little guy riding a cloud of joy because he'd successfully navigated two back-to-back classes at his new school, and we celebrated with a trip to McDonalds. 
Perchance do you have the McFlurry known as Creme Egg? 
he asked the baffled clerk. 
Here's where the Internet comes in: allowing me to be happy living a life -- living an identity -- I never thought would possibly be a fit. 
Almost all the challenges that I thought would make this life utterly miserable are challenges the Internet has helped me surmount. 
Like the challenge of finding advice and support from people who know how to navigate homeschooling and 2E kids 2E is the abbreviation for twice exceptional: gifted and learning disabled. 
I found these folks through a variety of Facebook groups, and they 've helped me with everything from the practical what classes are available? 
to the existential how will I survive this? 
This weekend we met one of the homeschoolers I 've bonded with on Facebook, and our kids took to each other like old friends. 
Or the challenge of earning a living while working from home. 
I'm incredibly fortunate to have lots of experience working from home, and working independently, so I knew it could be done -- but most of that was in my pre-kid life, so I wasn't sure it would still work. 
Actually, it's easier than ever, because my Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn networks not to mention the colleagues I 've heard from through email have been busily bringing work opportunities my way. 
And of course, there's the challenge of isolation: something I 've managed during previous phases of working from home by making lots and lots of lunch and coffee dates. 
That's not so easy to do with a kid in tow, unless you want to construct your entire social life around the tiny circle of homeschoolers with kids, locations and schedules that intersect with your own. 
So I'm grateful that in between my weekly nights out with face-to-face friends something that Rob helps me prioritize I can now use Facebook to stay connected to other adults and friends whose interests and personalities overlap with my own. 
By helping me address the biggest challenges I face as an at-home mom, the Internet has opened me to the satisfactions that this new, unexpected life can offer. 
I'm discovering unexpected reservoirs of patience, as I keep my cool through meltdowns that could curl your toes. 
I'm discovering a new use for my combined years of education, geekery and psychotherapy, which seem uniquely well-suited to the challenges of raising a brilliant, anxious would-be Apple engineer. 
I am discovering what it's like to feel good about my parenting, instead of constantly feeling like I'm short-changing my kids. 
I am even rediscovering how great it feels to leave the house wearing sweatpants, and to spend my energy on myself and my kids instead of on my appearance. 
At least some of the time: those Fluevogs aren't going to wear themselves. 
These are the most important discoveries the Internet facilitates. 
Not the instant answer to where a movie is playing, or who won the 1982 Super Bowl, but the hard-won answers to our questions about what we are really capable of, and what really matters to us. 
Answers we may only find, and discoveries we may only make, when we have access to the people and information that make the quest possible. 
That's what the Internet has done for me this year, as I 've taken this unexpected road and found myself at a still more unexpected destination. 
It's made it possible for me to discover what it feels like to build my life around love: the pure love I feel when I see my son skipping happily out of a class he's made it all the way through, and experience a soaring happiness unlike anything I 've experienced. 
I'm just getting to know who she is. 
And I'm so grateful to the Internet for introducing us. 
Before climbing in the car at a leisurely pace and driving three hours, winding around hairpin curves that took us towards Hana, we left the entire Costco-sized Sierra Nevada multipack back at the air bnb. 
Also forgotten was one of the two coolers containing the food, but that would be discovered later, after we got back from the Hausigawa -- the last chance general store perched overlooking Kaihalulu Bay. 
The Thai place from last year had been closed, possibly for a long time, so we drove straight to the campsite. 
The road makes turns so sharp that cars are instructed to wait to allow oncoming traffic to pass, so no two cars may ever attempt the turn at once. 
The campsite was good, though, and we could hear crashing waves as we cobbled together the tent with minimal shouting and in-fighting, an accomplishment, in our family. 
In short order, though, those good moods would hastily deflate, as it was discovered: we forgot the beer. 
The Hausigawa provided us with two six packs, Emma quickly did the math ; with the remaining cans we HAD bought, last minute, at the Whole Foods before leaving Kihei, we would get four beers each. 
More ; Derby would never drink four beers. 
two bags of chips, oreos, bug spray, and four Hausigawa red and yellow beer coozies. 
We arrived back at camp and realized we had only brought one of the two coolers. 
The other cooler had been abandoned, fully stocked, on the kitchen counter, no doubt next to the ample supply of Sierra Nevadas that had also escaped our attention. 
The cooler we had brought contained shredded chicken meat and leftover veggie noodles from some mixed plate restaurant. 
Swatting at flies, we ate dinner out of the tinfoil, and could not believe we had failed so completely at camping. 
Later, Emma lay in the tent while the rest of us took a walk towards the bathrooms. 
On our way there we passed through a forest of stout banana trees, and the remains of what might have been a small house or temple, a semicircle of rocks perched on a steep cliff overlooking the water. 
I can't fathom a life in which one wakes up in an open dwelling, every day of the year, and sees first the ocean stretching away beneath her. 
The horizon permanently present. 
I can't imagine the tropical air here living in your hair and nose, cleaning out your insides like hosing down a shower, although I suppose if you were born into it, there'd be nothing to clean. 
Such a being would have its own set of problems, no doubt, but camping tends to make me forget that I am a house cat. 
I want to run topless through the banana trees and live life on my own terms. 
I don't really, of course. 
Sometimes I have to go a half day without wifi and the weight of my own torpid existence almost crushes me alive. 
The bathrooms are simple, made even simpler by the fact that there is no running water due to leakage. 
This is cause for mild alarm. 
Living life on your own terms is a grave misnomer. 
After the sun set, we dragged the Walmart sleeping bags gingerly ; they were slated for return on the morrow, after all, but that didn't stop us from laying them on the grass and spilling just a little beer on them by accident and looked at the stars. 
We used Derby's iphone to look at constellations, and tried to locate Venus, which we felt was the brighter, more yellow star straight above us. 
We easily found Orion's belt. 
I 've always liked the stars with no names, or names of utility, CSB30040 of Alpha Centauri. 
That's not a real star, I made that up. 
The real names of the stars don't sound like actual words. 
The names span multiple dialects, some require glottal elements I can barely invoke. 
Not to mention, all these stars are dead, their pinpricks of light only reaching us by way of a time-space conflagration I do not understand. 
To conceive of such a distance makes my eyes glaze over. 
You may as well ask a Labrador to do algebra. 
Or me to do algebra. 
Still, the way some of the stars flutter in and out is a subtle reminder that their presence is a ghost, a hurtling memory of light cascading over and over itself through an elevator shaft of time, at the bottom of which, we are waiting. 
In the tent, Emma was slightly drunk. 
She made Derby laugh so hard she cried, curled around a pillow on the ground. 
It's nothing worth repeating, just the way Emma had said something, the way she was a little bit belligerent for no reason. 
It's hard to be belligerent towards people you are currently snuggled up next to in sleeping bags. 
Emma managed it. 
Dad was asleep within seconds, had possibly been asleep for hours. 
He brought with him a small scrap of yoga mat, no more than 2 foot long by a foot wide, a mysterious survival element that made perfect sense to him. 
Before we left for Maui I bought a book light. 
Its a small, semi-collapsible purple book light with a clip on the back so you can affix it to the spine of your book. 
It was $ 14.95 at my store. 
Long have I looked at the book lights, helped customers browse book lights, restocked book lights, and absent mindedly wondered if the purchase of a book light would make me read more. 
I know in my heart of hearts that it would not, because I also do that dance with journals, and now know that there is no journal on planet earth that will inspire me to write more. 
It doesn't exist, and now that I know that, I can, at last, rest. 
However I bought this book light, this little purple book light, because I never go on exciting vacations and I thought, what the hell, live a little. 
In a tent with my sister, stepmother and Dad, in quiet Hana on the island of Maui, I used the little book light to read a paperback. 
Outside, we were bombarded by the light of tens of thousands of dead stars, pelting us from eons away. 
Ghosts walk about under the hailing volleys and climb on top of our tents, squatting and peering with cupped hands through the tarp to oggle at our unabashed modernity. 
They must see the glowing light of our iphones and book lights and UV pocket flashlights and, disgusted, promptly pitch themselves over the cliff's edge. 
They bob along in the frothing water, shaking their heads and clicking their tongues at us. 
The Infernal Living: they do everything wrong and they won't know it till they're dead. 
That's the way of it. 
That's the terrible way. 
Change the story's title and subtitle as neededThis is the first installment of a series of stories people have shared with me about their grandmothers. 
You can read about this project here. 
This first collection focuses on gratitude.My grandmother is one of the most well traveled people I know. 
She and my grandfather have traveled to every US State and many countries. 
She has instilled in me that traveling is the best education.They took me and my cousin out West the summer before high school to experience the red rocks in Arizona, the unfathomable depth and width of the Grand Canyon, the endless feeling of the Salt Flats, the majesty of the Tetons, and the beauty of the springs, rocks and wild life of Yellowstone. 
That was a very shaping trip for me. 
My grandmother taught me so much about the earth in those 10 days. 
She didn't even really start traveling until after she retired from teaching earth science for 32 years. 
She helped get me started traveling at a young age, and I can't thank her enough for showing me how to travel well, how to appreciate and study the earth, how to meet new people wherever I go and learn something from them, how to follow my dreams and always stay humble, and how to always stay curious.I'm still learning something new from her every time I see her. 
But the one thing I 'll always associate as learning from her is that traveling is the best education.Gramp loved to say, There's nobody I like better than myself. 
And I used to cringe with embarrassment when he'd say it to people we didn't know very well. 
But I want to tell you something. 
Right now, there's nobody I like better than myself.You know why? 
Because it's the same reasons, in different ways, than when Gramp said that. 
Here I am. 
90 years old -- if that means anything, I certainly never expected to be 90 -- surrounded by people that I love more than anyone else on this entire earth. 
So why don't I love who I am?My grandmother's name was Lore Wertheim then Lore Cole, after she married my grandfather. 
Although I never knew her, her life had a big impact on mine, and the story of her life serves as a constant and important reminder to me to be grateful for what I have, and make the most of it.Here is her story, as recorded in a historical biography my family has kept: Lore -- born January 23, 1925. 
Died on May 14, 1976 in Larchmont -LSB- NY -RSB- USA. 
Attented private Christian/Jewish kindergarten in the MHS. 
Thereafter, Jewish Grammar School. 
Munster since the foundation of the Association of German-Jewish Youth. 
Took piano lessons for many years until one day the teacher cancelled the lessons as he had difficulties with the Nazi party. 
Since further education in Germany was not possible since 1933, her father succeed in 1938 in placing her at the Jewish Home General in Brussels. 
Since the age of 13 did she reside on her own in a foreign land.She attended grammar school in Brussels to learn the language. 
Later she attended high school there. 
Since her father finally succeed in obtaining visas and passage for the USA, she left Brussels secretly on May 9th, 1940 to join her father in Amsterdam. 
In order not to call any attention to herself, she carried only a small hand bag and left everything else behind. 
On the 10th of May 1040 German troops overran neutral Holland. 
An escape to the USA was impossible.At the age of 15 she found herself under the rule of the Nazi regime.She found a home in Amsterdam amongst relatives at Zuider Amstellaan 286. 
Beginning on April 29, 1942 all Jews in Holland had to wear the Jewish Star. 
She was called before the SS twice for deportation, but she was released each time. 
She was set free as she was working for a so-called Army Factory. 
She was again arrested towards the end of 1942. 
In February 1943 she was sent to the transit camp Vught, part of the concentration camp Herzogenbusch. 
This camp was under the supervision of the WVHA Berlin. 
She worked there at the factory of Phillips-AG. 
She was given at least one warm meal a day and was exempted from deportation until June 1944. 
On the 2nd of June 1944, one week before the Allied landing at Normandy, she was deported to Auschwitz where she arrived on the 3rd of June 1944 via the collection point at Westerbork. 
She was one of the last Philipps workers to leave. 
On June 6, she was selected at the camp and received the tattoo No. 87823. 
She was assigned to work for Telefunken. 
As the Russian troops advanced, she was moved to Gross-Rosen, the to the -LSB- illegible -RSB- near Reichenbach in Silesia. 
There she produced radio tubes and was given a crew cut. 
A few days before the end of the war, she was transpored to Hamburg. 
She was suffering from Typhus. 
The Swedish Red Cross saved her and transported her to -LSB- illegible -RSB-. 
There she remained in isolation until 1945 when she recovered. 
Thereafter she joined her father in Haarlem Holland. 
She emigrated in 1946 and died in 1976. 
I owe everything I have to the luck and perseverance of a teenage girl in a Nazi concentration camp, those who helped her, and those who came before her. 
The impact my grandmother has on me is, essentially, to always know how improbable my existence is, and how much I have to be thankful to those who made it possible. 
The chances of me being alive to walk this Earth today are astronomically slim. 
I'd be pretty foolish not to cherish that, and make the most of my life.You can read more about this project here or submit your own stories here. 
We never have to speak a lot, sometimes it's just as simple as 1.5 minutes saying -- Hey, how are you? 
All good? 
Did you eat? 
Please take good care of yourself, yeah? 
-- and the world is right again. 
I can go to bed and know everything is going to be fine. 
If she hears I'm with friends or in a rush, she always says Go do your thing. 
Go! 
Be good!' 
. 
Never complains if I don't call on time, or miss a Skype. 
How are you both? 
Still making fun of others, I guess. 
I can totally imagine you both standing in a corner and giggling like high school bitches in the comfort of your father's home. 
There's no harm in doing that, you know. 
I can and could never do that. 
It takes a lot of guts to be able to be so mean to others. 
Still judging how other people sit, walk, dress up or talk? 
I'm not surprised. 
That's the inner voice of your insecurity talking. 
Given the fact how you look and how you are, the present you is no-brainer for anyone! 
Unfortunately, I'm a nightmare dressed in Givenchy for you both. 
I'm a walking power bank. 
I'm a woman with a strong & sane head on her shoulders. 
That's too much for you to bear. 
I can understand. 
I can feel the negativity exude from you both. 
I will be honest. 
It does make me uncomfortable and it is not something I expect from my own family members. 
But that's the way it is. 
Now, I 'll tell you how I feel about this situation. 
It's okay. 
You girls have a problem with me, my stable & exciting profession and my life in general. 
I don't blame you both. 
You girls were born with a silver spoon, had everything in life from the very start and were never told that it is bad to be arrogant. 
Trust me, it is. 
You both look pretty foolish to me for acting like two hoity-toity, dainty darlings. 
First of all, you both never achieved anything exceptional and substantial in your life. 
Come on! 
It's your dad's money, not yours. 
You 'll both probably find husbands who are pretty well off themselves, thanks to their fathers. 
Secondly, you both are not good looking women. 
I'm sorry. 
It's true and the sooner you both get used to it, the better it is. 
This world is pretty cruel, it may bite you girls in the arse. 
Unfortunately, you both are not even capable of taking care of your own house! 
After all, your maids have made your life very easy and that's great! 
Any which way, I wish you girls all the luck in the world. 
You both don't matter to me. 
I just hope you both get stable and learn to love and appreciate others. 
It isn't wise to be so self-centered. 
Wake up. 
It's high time you both. 
☺ 
Nobody expected this, as it took Kevin nearly a week after his brain aneurysm and initial surgery two months ago to understand what had happened and ask cognizant questions about his condition. 
During those initial post-op days, it was easy for us to avoid such sensitive topics by changing the subject and directing his attention to other, happier, things. 
Squirrel! 
As soon as Kevin came to, he asked how the surgery went and if it helped make him better. 
And he got straight answers from the doctor. 
Understanding his options, my brother chose to cease treatment and play out his final days with family and friends. 
It helped that he loathed everything involved in the treatment regiment, especially the claustrophobic MRIs, let alone the prospect of having more brain surgeries. 
Kevin shook the doctor's hand and thanked him for all he had done up to now. 
While at peace with this decision, he admits to being scared. 
For us siblings who have been embedded with him on this two month chapter of his life, we respect and honor his choice. 
I, for one, was immediately gripped with panic. 
Without proper medical treatment, I envisioned my brother's life winding down rapidly much like a laptop computer getting unplugged, its battery draining fast on the life of this amazing man. 
The doctor did say final days a few times. 
Days. 
The lyrics of Rent's Seasons of Love rip through my head ... Five hundred twenty five thousand six hundred minutes. 
How do you measure, measure a year? 
So far, in a mere week, my brother's physical and mental condition has gotten exponentially stronger. 
Radiation be damned. 
He shuffles around town, bathes and shaves himself, remembers names and even obscure Hollywood facts such as Elizabeth Montgomery being nominated for five Emmys. 
Of course, in our true competitive family spirit, I debated my brain-injured brother on this tidbit until a Google search sided with him. 
He also positively lights up when visited by his parade of case workers, nurses and well wishers who stream through his door. 
This guy's so popular, he holds court like Don Corleone in The Godfather's wedding scene -- only Kevin's scene is a merry mix of Irish bar meets gay pride parade with lots of loud singing for hours on end. 
Best of all, the pure love and gratitude that was the essence of Kevin following the initial August surgery has remained intact. 
Each moment shared with him continues to be magic in its unconditional love, joy and childlike fun. 
It's a state of grace to which monks aspire. 
When with him, the bonding is electrifying and deeply moving, even transcendent. 
We could make a million bucks if we could bottle this stuff. 
His cognitive skills are enough for me to share with him what he means to me -- the unlikeliest of role models as the man who basically raised me after our dad died. 
He was stunned beyond words to hear this, and responded in his terse Kathryn Hepburn voice, Well, dear, I 've always been so fond of you. 
I 've always really liked being around you. 
While said with humor, I felt honored as the baby of the family being acknowledged with such words from the oldest brother. 
But most of the time, Kevin lives in humble gratitude. 
He is completely surprised that so many people come to visit him, and they're all so loving, he exclaims innocently with wide eyes and a huge smile. 
I explain how like attracts like, and everyone is merely a reflection of him. 
I am not sure he understood this. 
However, at that moment, I realized the boundless love and enthusiasm he directs my way might also be a reflection of me. 
I, too, was growing into a new, enlightened version of myself right along with him. 
Here's hoping Kevin's health settles in this space for a while. 
Nobody's in any hurry around here right now. 
Change the story's title and subtitle as neededThere were two people on this earth who have known me from the moment I took my first breath. 
Were. 
I lost one of them in 2010. 
I won't go over the details of how my mom died. 
I 've done that a few times already and thinking about the particulars, about how human error took her life, makes me angry. 
I don't want to give space to that anger right now. 
That will be later, maybe. 
I'm in a different space right now. 
Right now I am thinking about how it feels to lose a parent.My mom's birthday was just over a week ago. 
I get really emotionally weird around the major dates related to her. 
Her birthday. 
The day she died. 
Really weird. 
Huge mood swings. 
Emotional wreckage strewn about. 
It 'll pass, it always passes in a couple weeks. 
Maybe a few weeks. 
Maybe a month.I had the following thought recently and wrote it down in the journal I keep in my purse: I look at things I wrote/said/did 5-6 years ago and wonder where that person went. 
The happy, cheerful, always joking person that I think myself to be now. 
I compare myself to that person and the differences are stark. 
The loneliness of separation, of death. 
How nice it must be for people who have never experienced that feeling. 
How lovely it must be to experience the world as an adult, without that shadow of darkness. 
Nothing changes you like the death of a parent. 
There is a clear dividing line, an unmistakable contrast: Before Death and After Death.To experience the death of a parent is to experience emotional chronic illness. 
There is no cure. 
There is only pain management. 
My prescriptions of choice were alcohol and avoidance. 
I drank a lot. 
The recycle bin full of champagne bottles told the tale. 
Haha, champagne is my beer, was how I laughed it off. 
To be sure, there were other factors involved. 
My brand new marriage was rocky, work had it's own challenges, and both of those things were stressors on top of the grief I was experiencing but not feeling.Memories come unbidden. 
The wiggle worm when I was little. 
The van on the way to Virginia beach. 
Making Christmas or Thanksgiving dinners together. 
That time I hurt her feelings because I was an asshole. 
That time I illegally drove her home because she was too drunk to drive. 
Those memories come when they want, triggered by the smallest things, and with them, pain. 
The pain causes me to withdraw. 
It's obvious when this happens. 
I wear my heart on my sleeve and it's pretty clear when I hide it and myself away. 
What's wrong, what are you thinking about, is the inevitable inquiry. 
My mom died and that's fucking with me, is not an answer anyone is ready to hear, unless they 've also lost a parent. 
The people who have also lost a parent? 
Those people know. 
They get it. 
They understand. 
We are kindred for the wrong reasons. 
We are members of a secret club that none of us wanted entry to.For almost everyone else, things get awkward. 
The death of a parent is not something people like to talk or hear about. 
Mortality, in general, especially the mortality of loved ones, is not something people wanted to be reminded of. 
I'm sorry, what can I do to make you feel better? 
is the default response, because we 've not been taught how to sit with someone else's pain. 
Unless an unusual level of emotional intimacy has been reached, to truthfully say you can't make me feel better about this, is to put the person on their heels, to end the conversation. 
They feel rejected, I feel uncomfortable, everyone goes home a winner. 
So that doesn't happen. 
Instead, I avoid the subject entirely. 
What's wrong, what are you thinking about? 
That all my mom wanted was to see me have kids and that never happened. 
Oh, just that we really needed this rain. 
I really love the rain, don't you? 
Nothing.Thinking back to the person I was before my mom died, I was so jovial in comparison to myself today. 
So light. 
So amazingly, emotionally carefree. 
I was walking, talking, Hakuna Matata. 
I didn't know what it meant to feel grief, true sadness. 
Now I know. 
These days, even when I am feeling happy, there is rarely a lightness to it. 
It is happiness with an asterisk. 
It's hard to be carefree when you aren't care free. 
I try to fake the lightness sometimes, to see if I can force it to come back permanently. 
It hasn't worked yet. 
I 'll keep trying. 
I remember what it felt like to be that free and I'd like to have that feeling back again.Tomorrow is Valentine's Day. 
It's another one of Those days. 
Valentine's Day was a special day to my mom. 
It was her day, in a sense. 
She made it a point to always do something for everybody she cared about. 
Nothing major, just a little something to let you know you were special and important to her. 
Whenever I was single on Valentine's Day, no matter where I was, mom would send me a thing. 
A card, flowers, something, because she wanted me to know that no matter what, I was loved. 
I cried tonight while thinking about that.Were my mom still alive, I'd probably drive up to spend the day with her. 
We'd talk about dating, love, and relationships. 
I'd pretend not to care about being single instead of having the family we both wanted for me. 
She'd give me platitudes about how I'm beautiful in your eyes, mom, but I know I'm a 7 on a good day, how it only takes one one in a million, mom, and I can't date them all in the roughly 15,000 days I have left on this earth, and anyone would be lucky to have me. 
I'd roll my eyes, change the subject, and help her cook dinner, but I would be comforted that even when I didn't believe in me, in those moments of hopelessness and pain, she'd still believe in me and hope enough for both of us. 
A mother's love and support is like no other. 
It is all unyielding, uncompromising, and unconditional. 
The violent removal of that love leaves a wound that never fully heals, with more than a bit of scar tissue.It's now been 2 days since I wrote the bulk of this. 
11 days since her birthday. 
1 day since Valentine's Day. 
I'm still in a bit of a funk, but it's fading. 
I dreamed about her the night after my last writing. 
We goofed off, making funny faces and doing stupid dances, as we always used to. 
It made me laugh in the dream. 
I woke up crying. 
That's how it goes. 
The dreams happen. 
A more spiritual person would say she's trying to let me know she's still with me. 
I know my brain is still doing anything it can to fight the pain of her loss, 4 and half years later. 
Dreams are the realm of the brain, where anything can be reality. 
My brain still wants my mom alive, so it creates the reality in which she is.A month? 
Two months? 
Some time later. 
I abandoned this draft, because I didn't know how to wrap it up, perhaps because some part of me knew it wasn't complete. 
I started writing it because my therapist called me out on the fact that in my 6 months of seeing her, I barely talked about my mom's death. 
I 've talked about anything and everything else work, exes, relationships, work, family history, work, but steered clear completely of the death of my mom and the resultant emotions. 
I wanted to force myself to acknowledge and be accountable for the grief and anguish. 
I suppose I thought naming the feelings would stop me from running from them, to be honest about them. 
I wasn't completely honest though.I wrote about the good things in the relationship I had with my mom and ever so lightly touched on the hard things. 
I left out the lingering anger and resentment for not being properly equipped to exist in this world, for having to be responsible for myself and my brother at 10 years old, for being treated as and expected to act as a miniature adult, when being a child and experiencing the world as a child was the most important thing I should have been doing. 
I didn't mention these things because it felt wrong. 
De mortuis nil nisi bonum and all.Still another aspect of losing a parent that nobody warns you about. 
Where do you put the negative feelings, the anger you're left to deal with while the subject of that anger has left this reality? 
Do you bottle the feelings up and allow them to rot inside of you, slowly escaping their vessel over time, forming a lake of poison in small increments? 
Do you rage at the person who can't rage back? 
Do you sit in your therapists office and sob uncontrollably, struggling to regain your composure, your breath, as you voice the feelings you don't dare share with your family lest their suspicions that you didn't love your parent find false validation in your agony?The loss of my mom was devastating. 
I'd been razed internally, so much that I didn't even have the means to properly assess the damage. 
4.5 years later, the rebuilding is happening. 
After working with my therapist and allowing myself to actually think about my mom, feel all the feelings insert Allie Brosh drawing here, and deal with the feelings, the scaffolding is up. 
I occasionally find myself wishing I were in this place a year ago, but I quickly back off of those thoughts. 
I can't rush the grieving process, doing so would cause still more damage. 
It takes how long it takes. 
You get through the worst of it, then it gets a little better, and a little better, then a little worse, then a little better. 
Then you keep going.This post was published months after it was written, because sometimes emotions surrounding death are a bit too overwhelming when trying to deal with Everything Else. 
❤, Erica 
Baby crabb and I are staying at hotel gran and grandad. 
Monday is cleaning day ; always has been and most probably always will be. 
Mums third arm is her hoover, I'm not saying she's obsessed with Henry, I'm just mentioning the fact that she is rather fond of him and likes to give him a little run around the house every day! 
My father likes things ` just so'. 
His third arm is his leaf blowing machine, his fourth arm is his industrial steam cleaner, his fifth arm is his window cleaning box of tricks ... need I go on? 
For those of you who know my parents I'm sure you're wearing a knowing smile, for those of you who don't know my parents I hope you get the picture. 
We like to clean !! 
Today my father helped my mother with the Monday cleaning ritual ; the housekeeper relocated just before Christmas. 
Now before you picture my father with a feather duster in his hand, scroll back to remind yourself of his fifth arm: a window cleaning box of tricks. 
But this box of tricks doesn't limit its abilities to just cleaning widows, oh no, it proudly boasts ` mirrors' on its cleaning CV. 
My father spent a happy, well I'm not entirely sure of the exact amount of time, but lets conclude it was above an average amount of time, cleaning, rinsing and buffing the bathroom mirrors that surround their bath. 
Lovely. 
Mirror perfection. 
Fast forward five or so hours to Baby Crabbs nighttime routine. 
Dinner, followed by a little playtime, followed by a splash in the bath, followed by a ... WAIT! 
I hear you cry. 
A SPLASH in the bath not the bath surrounded by the perfectly polished mirrors? 
Yes, in a word, and this little crabb doesn't do things by halves. 
When he splashes in the bath, he really splashes in the bath, like his last mouthful of yummy homemade chicken casserole depends on it. 
Gone were the perfctly polished mirrors, a distant memory in the bathrooms history. 
And what did Baby Crabb have to say for himself? 
Well nothing, he can't actually speak just yet. 
But he can look ; he can look with his big blue eyes and speak volumes. 
Tomorrow starts another work week. 
When you were six or so you decided you wanted to be a scientist. 
Mom got you a lab coat, dad got you test tubes and I may have rolled my eyes. 
I always thought you were the smart one. 
I'm horrid at math and science. 
You loved science at least. 
Sadly, seven years old is hardly an age to judge aptitude. 
It sounds totally cliché but not a week goes buy where I don't wonder what you'd be doing now. 
You would be 30. 
Married? 
Kids? 
Would you be the scientist your 7-year old self dreamt of? 
I always wonder if you'd work with mom, dad and I. Would I work with them? 
Since you left, I always stayed close to home. 
The only exception was when I lived in Cardiff for a year. 
I just felt I should stay nearby. 
You left, how would it feel if I did? 
Plus, when you passed, it brought mom, dad and I closer. 
It's really nice. 
Not everyone has a relationship like this with their parents and that's sad. 
Then again, not everyone understands why I want a close relationship with my parents. 
Working with mom and dad is hard, but awesome. 
I try to work extra hard so people don't think I'm coasting. 
Luckily I love what I do. 
I started with design and then moved into more of a leadership role. 
Now I'm trying to help grow the business with new services for our clients. 
If you did work with us I wonder what you'd do. 
You could draw and showed interest in that. 
You didn't really write stories like I did at that age. 
You know what's funny? 
I feel like there's sibling rivalry under this whole thought stream. 
It's been 23 years and I'm still competing with you. 
Mom and Dad wouldn't be surprised by that one bit. 
Change the story's title and subtitle as neededA love letter to my dad 40 years after the Vietnam WarToday marks 40 years since the fall of South Vietnam. 
It's a tough day for my family, especially my dad, and I'd like to share a piece of his story.This photo was taken last month on a family trip to Washington, D.C.. 
What I thought was just going to be a silly tourist weekend turned out to teach me more about my family history than I know how to appreciate.I 've learned bits and pieces about my dad's time in the war through loose translations and misunderstood Vietnamese. 
I knew he was some kind of ranked officer. 
I knew he was a POW for 8 years. 
I knew he refuses to acknowledge Vietnam in its current communist state. 
What I didn't know and finally learned on this trip was that he was actually a spy for the South Vietnamese army.He would gather intelligence and deliver to the South and the Americans.He said something very powerful to me as we stood before Abe Lincoln's statue. 
He honored this man. 
He said, This man did not kill the Confederates after the Civil War. 
He understood that Americans are all one people. 
He did not force imprisonment on his fellow Americans. 
I asked him, If you were undercover as a Communist, how did they know to capture you? 
He said they had obtained the South's war records and official notices were distributed throughout Vietnam threatening execution if any South Vietnamese armymen were found. 
My dad was my age, 22, when he turned himself in.This next part is still unclear to me. 
It's a difficult topic for him to talk about, so I don't ask much.What happened in the reeducation camps?My mother's uncle was also a prisoner. 
She would write letters to him. 
This uncle shared a cell with my father. 
Wanting a pen pal for himself, my father requested my mother's address from the uncle, and so it began. 
They exchanged letters for years, never knowing what the other looked or sounded like. 
He had no clue when or if he'd ever be free, but upon his eventual release, he immediately went to meet her for the first time. 
They celebrated 31 years of marriage this year.Growing up and still today, we always have fresh vegetables on the table from the backyard garden. 
Unlike his black-thumbed daughter, his garden flourishes and overflows with leafy greens. 
Simply and morbidly put, he had to grow all his own food in the war camps. 
No garden, no food.I want to boast about him even further -- His garden is all organic, because it's not like the Communists provided pesticides.My aunt, who joined us on this trip to D.C., shared a few snippets of her memories. 
When she would go visit him in the prison, his friends would tell her they were sure he was dead after being beaten. 
When I asked him why they would beat him, he said, I don't know. 
I 've only asked this once. 
What did you do for 8 years? 
The last prisoner was released 17 years after the war. 
My father did only half that time, and I still see the effects of it on him every day.He is the hardest working, most disciplined and selfless man I know. 
He worked two full time jobs as a janitor at a hotel and a hospital, which in my regretful teenage years I resented him for because he was never around. 
Now that he has supported his two daughters' educations and has a beautiful little grandson, he's down to one janitor position working 8 hours of overtime every week. 
His health is ill, but he is strong.Much of my mom's family is still living in Vietnam under communist rule, but most of my dad's 11 siblings are now in America. 
Many of them were refugees, split from each other for years. 
My cousins and I remind ourselves that our families now live pretty typical suburban lives these days, though we never forget our roots. 
Our parents were our age when they fled Vietnam. 
They were our age when they lived in constant fear of survival. 
And they have worked tirelessly to provide a comfortable life and education for their children. 
Today, I'm writing this from a New York City apartment on the Upper East Side where my cousin and I laugh about pizza, boys, and emojis.We are working on a family documentary to record these stories of our parents, aunts, and uncles. 
I will never be able to one day tell my children that I was a secret agent. 
But I hope they know their grandfather is my hero. 
Any story about our family involves the fire brigade, Christmas, Eastern Hill, cars, Shep. 
And Melbourne ; the changing face of the metropolis from the 1930s into the new millennium. 
And large numbers of people, their demons, their drives, their beliefs, their passions. 
Any story about our family involves religious prose. 
How a devout Catholic married a Protestant in the broom closet of St Patrick's Cathedral. 
How a Northern Irish descendant spent her teenage years wearing orange on St Patrick's day in the first part of the twentieth century. 
How a family lived in a parish overlorded by a deviant priest, asked his forgiveness for childish sins, contributed to his upkeep on the collection plate. 
But any story of family involves heartache, skeletons and revelations. 
Exposure. 
How does the writer capture the essence of family while walking that fine line of sensitivity and privacy? 
During a vivid dream the other night, I was TOLD to write my parents' story. 
Those who know me understand that I dream in technicolour. 
From visitation dreams, to moments where I chat away, to images that snatch my breath from my lungs. 
My nighttime is nearly as interesting and involving as my daylight hours. 
Sometimes. 
Don't know why. 
Maybe it's the crazy trying to weave its way into my resting space, but I can go for nights without dreaming, only to reawaken with a fabulous fable coursing through my head, shouting to be heard in the morning. 
The other night, I was alerted to the amazing story of family. 
The story that nestles in our palm, is tended daily, is alive and brimming with anecdote, history, adventure. 
Over the last couple of days, I 've pondered my parents' story. 
And Lea's, and Norman Stanley's. 
And Mark's, Auntie Margarets, Margie's, Auntie Carm's. 
And Michelle's and Maddie's, Ivy's, Margot's, Melachi and Dorothy's. 
Every one just that bit colourful. 
Every anecdote is interesting, engaging, filled to the brim with tall tales and snippets of life. 
But there's series of grey cloud in the west. 
Threatening and bulging with the cold, wet reality of every life story. 
The truth. 
I imagine when you pen an autobiography, you take a shading pencil to those events you want to dapple grey. 
No black and white on my sexual past, thanks. 
Take a grey lead to the story about when I got drunk and danced on a glass table. 
Primary colour the stories about how I performed at school and sport. 
Or the autobiography can be graphically honest. 
Explicit and tantalising, but therein lies the difference -- the author is in charge of what's revealed about themselves. 
They can be as private or as open as they wish. 
Writing a family story might be a tricky business and I suspect this is why creative non-fiction has become such a popular genre. 
Disguise the hard parts with fake names, different dates, unusual settings. 
But is this really appealing? 
Is this merely copping out on the truth and replacing it with elements of fiction? 
Maybe. 
But perhaps that's where interviews come in ... and secrets come out! 
Wisps of clouds like plastic sheets billowing across the green and brown and blue. 
I had orbited Earth for a thousand hours and yet I would still stop everything to view the sunrise from the tiny port window. 
The companels could render it perfectly in high detail, but actually looking felt more authentic somehow. 
Everybody knew what Home looked like, had touched the renders and stared at individual treetops ; but the number of people who actually saw the big beautiful planet ... that was a privilege that only the dirt poor spacers and high tourists could afford. 
Even rarer still were the grounders, maybe a thousand on all of Mars and the Cascades combined, who got to land on her. 
My handband popped against my skin crisply. 
Three pulses meant Mom ; I checked the data stream to make sure I had enough clearance to chat and waved open the connection. 
Hi there, drifter! 
Mom's face, big and smiling, dominated the companel. 
How's my little girl? 
Even though I was alone in a giant tub, months away from home, I blushed to hear that embarassing Ocean twang. 
Hi Ma, I waved the connection to two-way and smiled back. 
How's Dad? 
Your father is fine ; he's up on the Great Deck, getting his exercise squared before the Health Board fines us ... again, she laughed, but I could see the tension in her eyes. 
Dad's unwillingness to exercise had cost us all many a night in the underhalls, doing strenuous cleaning of the narrow passages. 
I'm sorry, Mom. 
He should take the injection and be done with it. 
Oh please, she waved a hand at the screen. 
Your father's not rewriting his DNA today or any other day. 
Before you were born he refused to sign the rewrite on you, and I had to have my mother and his mother sign instead ; you know what he said -- 
My daughter's not going to be a clone! 
we finished together, laughing. 
And look at you now! 
Compact and strong and built for space, so proud of you! 
she sighed at me. 
I'm glad to be your mom, 
And I'm glad to be your kid, I smiled, and she smiled ... a second too late. 
Mom, what's the matter, I said quietly. 
Her face fell slightly. 
Oh, my little one, she sighed We're being moved to the Balcony ... now don't be upset! 
she cautioned as I jumped up in the low gravity, pulling myself closer to the camera lens. 
Your father and I aren't as young as we used to be ... and we're trying to stay useful as long as we can. 
The Balcony is so far away, I said faintly, touching the companel where her eyes, still bright and clear, quivered. 
It's not good for you up there ... the radiation, the gravity ... 
So many good changes since you were home, my love! 
she interrupted. 
They have new shielding and now they even let kids be raised up there! 
That's why I'm going ; they started a school and they need some helpers, and with the gravity I can pick up kids again and your father ... he's gotten into bicycle-racing or some such thing -- there's a velodrome up there ... 
I bet you will! 
I laughed into the camera. 
If you need any resources, you tell me ; Company pays everything out here, so I can send you anything you need. 
I 'll send you ten, I said, opening my handband and sliding the hours into her accounts, then passing a half dozen food, entertainment and health credits over for good measure. 
Tub-driving didn't offer as much as asteroid crushing, but this kind of long trip would clear me for six weeks of leave and plenty of hours to spare. 
I was lucky ; most people spent their lives in the Colonies or on the Cascade, orbiting slowly, never touching solid ground. 
Will you come home next year? 
Mr. Hsu's son was asking about you, you know, 
Oh lord, Bobby Hsu, I groaned as Mom laughed. 
Can't he take a hint? 
He's the reason I shipped out to the tubs in the first place! 
Bobby's sweet! 
He's working with us up in the Balcony to set up a whole new garden station, very nice boy. 
If you don't want to marry him you could always donate to to the Cradle and have some beautiful babies, she wheedled lightly. 
The borders of the the companel flashed red. 
Time to go, Mom. 
I'm getting out of range, She started to well up ; my tough Ocean mom never held back tears when she could afford them in private. 
Now stop that -- and tell Dad I love him and yes, I'm home in six months for six weeks. 
I 'll float up to the balcony and cover you in sunscreen! 
I shouted as the connection blinked out. 
And I was alone again. 
I floated back over to the port window, watching the sun dip below the curve of the planet. 
Sunset, they called it. 
I imagined it must look amazing standing on the surface. 
History said that our old ancestors thought the sun was a vehicle of the gods and I could see why. 
I had never made planetfall and never would ; but in a thousand years maybe Bobby Hsu and I would have a daughter or son who would. 
Thanks so much for the support! 
Breaking the silence was my main motivation behind writing this article. 
I 've received so many kind words and private messages of thanks from readers. 
It's amazing how when we open up and start talking about it, then others step forward and say Me too. 
train station. 
bench, 
Today's prompt asked for a poem in review-form, of things real or imagined. 
I decided to review a photo of my family, some years from now. 
Am I planning a family? 
Well, I am not sure what you mean, but I have plenty of them ` family' going around already. 
They are here in real time now -- the house has been taken by storm by them nephews. 
The lack of order is eating my brain. 
What do you mean family way? 
I have not been otherwise for as long as I can remember. 
Come now, no need to be shy. 
Pregnant?That is more clarity. 
It is most fascinating how it is not quite possible to do anything the likes of planning. 
How can such a thing as pregnancy that invariably results in the arrival of an entire being remain outside of one's control? 
How would you like your boss to suddenly tell you that you actually work two jobs with no pay raise starting this hour? 
Is it vanity perhaps that leads the chaos in my head? 
My enthusiasm for the pregnant state, with Juno once as my inspiration falls flat on its face. 
Sat in a moral high ground and judged them all the baby-phobics. 
Very well for that, I am in need for the right inspiration now. 
It has to be the lack of better influence that has pushed me us to this state of indecisiveness. 
For all those adults, who have given up on me at the second sentence of the second paragraph, I do not refuse to embrace adulthood and all its foolishness. 
I merely, wonder at it all. 
Recently, among other things, I had a Phantom-pregnancy going on for a while. 
Rule one is to remain quiet about the reality or possibility until you know more from the first scan. 
Never mind -- like I said -- Phantom pregnancy. 
There happened many not-so-pleasant read as horrid changes to my body that led me to believe that I was pregnant after all. 
That state of uncertainty when I could not stop fretting would have made a fine caricature. 
This whole thing needs a revamp. 
The process is surely not user friendly. 
For those of us who have managed to convince ourselves that we indeed want to take this upon us, we need better. 
The window where one can get pregnant is so specific and narrow. 
Contraception seems to be a joke now. 
Its nature's way of being snobbish. 
Its almost like, you can not see success unless you let it plague your mind and grope for the right moment. 
Say I wouldn't mind the company. 
I could lose some cynicism anyway. 
It can not be too bad being manipulated by someone that little. 
It could turn out to be a useful break from oneself. 
Even better, might prompt one to behave better. 
After all, one has to get one's act together with someone so impressionable around. 
I am almost certain that I am going to be quite taken by this baby. 
There isn't going to be space for much else. 
Whatever space there is shall be floored by disorder. 
I shall have to provide consistency and certainty to someone who couldn't be bothered to return the courtesy. 
The day back when I still suffered from my Phantom pregnancy, the husband and I mused on what it would take. 
Honestly, we weren't sure. 
I comment on it: we shall all be unsure together -- the baby and us. 
Well, the ways of the world could have the last laugh and so can you -- when you find me writing about the special bond and la la la.. 
Wait, if there is space -- space for empty pondering. 
Change the story's title and subtitle as neededWhy I Will Always Remember Windows 10's Crazy DevelopmentI remember where I was when the Windows Insider Program opened on October 1, 2014. 
I remember because it was only a couple of hours after my mom had called me at work to tell me my grandmother passed away that morning. 
She had been in a nursing home for a couple of weeks after a fast deterioration at the hospital ; she had been in excellent health for many years prior. 
She was an amazing woman who was born in the 30s, went to college, basically raised me and my sister every day before and after school and during the summer, and was from what I 've ever seen, loved by everyone who knew her. 
I miss her a lot.Without including that paragraph, you might just figure me a giant geek for remembering the date the Windows 10 technical preview released. 
And you really wouldn't be wrong, because I had been following Windows 9 for many months prior, and had eagerly tuned into Microsoft's 2014 BUILD keynote. 
But dammit, I was in the back of a car headed to a work-related destination, distracting myself by browsing the web on my phone, and my emotions were really going bonkers back there.Anyway, Windows 10! 
That's why you clicked on this article.My reaction to Windows 10 thus far has been: they are fixing the problems Windows 8 brought to the table and implementing many UI changes. 
Yes! 
They are providing a frequent update cycle to the end-users. 
Yes! 
And hey, it's going to be free for the first year? 
G00d -- they have some catching up to do! 
Okay, by this point it's pretty much an easy sell over previous versions of Windows, which is for better or worse a necessity for most people I 've met. 
Certainly the ones who always ask me to fix their laptops. 
Windows 10 has definitely been fun to follow. 
But not really exciting. 
I 've been enjoying the rapid updates, even when things break, sure. 
But I haven't really been too excited about Cortana, or their library of modern apps currently using ... let's check the taskbar ... zero of those. 
I 've been a little miffed that certain parts of the OS still aren't updated in any way. 
Both big, system-level things like the File Explorer which could be so much better seem to remain completely ignored. 
Subtle, but frequently used things, like the sound panel, also look like they were first implemented in Windows 2000. 
It's an easy sell for Windows 8 users, sure, but I hadn't really seen anything that will make a Mac person or a Linux person or an Android person turn their head.These settings dialogs have always sucked.The HoloLens announcement in January was quite a stunner, but the video was too polished. 
It was really fun to speculate about, but it just seemed so unrealistic, so far off in the future. 
Charming, sure. 
Possible? 
Come on, that technology can't really work that well, can it?Well, it got the conversation going enough for me to think about how potentially world-changing things like this could be. 
Having tried an early Oculus Rift demo kit, and imagining Valve's further potential with the Vive, has started to get my wheels turning about possible VR applications.And Microsoft looks like it has what nobody else does with a true AR system, with things overlaying your honest-to-goodness vision. 
This is potentially world-changing stuff. 
Look how willing everyone is to carry around a cellphone in their pocket oh, and that reminds me of another cool thing announced at today's keynote. 
Some tangible objects and the industries surrounding them have had to almost completely adopt digital formats to meet customers where they are. 
Newspapers, CDs, physical books, and lots of other things aren't as necessary as they once were. 
Imagine what a world with AR could be like. 
I'm not saying it's good or bad, but it's wild. 
Yeah, the headset looks stupid. 
Yeah, that won't be the model that goes to market or even close. 
Yeah, it's a whole new level of scary in some ways.But oh my goodness, so this is where Microsoft's been putting its energy. 
Yes, make money from Azure. 
Yes, make money by investing in big data collection for user analysis and ads. 
Yes, earn some Windows cred by showing a little vulnerable side and willingness to cooperate or find opportunities with other huge platforms.I know Microsoft probably won't be the only one with this tech for very long. 
I fully expect a Google competitor, a Facebook competitor. 
Possibly Valve. 
But Microsoft is smart to be building good relationships with developers today. 
So when they announced new tools for translating both iOS and Android apps easily onto Windows -- that's a huge deal.No, their modern app aesthetic may not be super appealing or unique, but they are getting some things right. 
The responsive design of the modern apps is a huge deal, especially in newfound light of resizing things to whatever size you want and plastering them all over your walls. 
The BUILD demonstration actually breaks things down a bit by using an insane camera rig to give us a real approximate glimpse, warts and all, of what HoloLens is capable of right now. 
It's impressive. 
And the software is written for Windows 10? 
Like this is just one more responsive state? 
There are APIs for interpreting the physical world and stuff? 
That's incredible. 
It's a compelling thing.Aren' t these file pickers just the devil? 
For the record, I already had this screenshot, filed as Yo MS, I hate this Explorer Dialog.PNG. 
It makes me forgive them a little bit for not updating the File Explorer yet, or introducing a screenshot feature that comes close to any half-decent Linux distro. 
Clearly they 've been busy.All of these technology prospects make me think about what kind of changes people like my gram saw over the course of her life, growing up in the 1930s: walking to school in my small, rural town ... Attending BINGO at the local school and winning the prize of a real live pig Boy, when butchering day came, that was sure sad ... Seeing almost no one who owned a car, to basically everyone having cars ... And phones. 
And television. 
And internet.I actually recorded her retelling of the pig story once. 
It was one of her favorite stories to tell.I know this is not a great tribute -- some day, hopefully, I can do her better justice in that way. 
But thinking about the past also makes me think about the future. 
What a life our elders saw, full of crazy technological change. 
What a crazy one we have before us as well. 
I just came off a rough primary on-call - not my worst by far, but still nearly a hundred pages and two mostly sleepless nights. 
Last night however, I slept beautifully, with not a single page. 
I am always looking to improve, and one of my biggest weaknesses is communication, especially with strangers. 
Especially since I 'll be afflicted with some poor-choice orthodontia devices for the next six months, I certainly won't be doing any great oratory ; so here I 'll post about whatever I feel like talking about. 
It might be work related, it my be about parenting, it might be about that fat squirrel my murdercat keeps almost getting. 
I'm also a voracious reader of sci-fi & fantasy, as well as currently reading through the Golden Age 1942 right now of the Timely run of comics, through Marvel Unlimited. 
Sometimes I even like to pretend I have time to play video games as well. 
I'm a 37 year old tech worker, entering my third decade of work. 
A father of two 4.5 & 0.5, a husband for nigh-16 years. 
I'm a high-school test-out and a college drop-out. 
I 've worked at Netscape, Microsoft, Viacom, Cisco, & Twitter ; as well as a dozen you 've never heard of unless you worked there if so, hi! 
My first real job was doing systems administration and software development for a family owned ISP, while underage. 
It was. 
. 
not a good place, but it made a good stepping stone into better jobs. 
My early career arc included a decent amount of server-side & black box QA, which when combined with my propensity to take things apart, pushed me towards the typical DevOps role long before that was a thing. 
I love working with big databases, big datasets, automation & monitoring. 
I 've worked in all the big languages on all the operating systems. 
The buzzwords I'm currently working primarily with are Hadoop, Python, & Ansible. 
The projects that really catch my passion lately though are the non-work ones. 
Mostly that's raising the two small bio-units, but as time allows I also enjoy carpentry, electrical engineering, almost getting 3d printers to work, drone flying, and fascinating about future projects. 
I also do some plumbing and car repair, though I don't enjoy those as much. 
Basically, if I can learn something from repairing a broken something, I 'll take it apart and fix it. 
I'm not sure if my next post will be about technology, or family, or a random anecdote about my day. 
I 'll be trying for at least one post a week, likely not more than one a day. 
I'm a single white male in his late twenties. 
I have a successful consulting business that I find very rewarding. 
I'm energetic, I enjoy life and I have many healthy relationships with thoughtful and caring people. 
I don't have scars, bruises or any other outward signs of trauma. 
I don't cut myself, I don't abuse drugs or alcohol and I have an incredibly positive outlook on life. 
Here's one more thing: I am a victim of abuse. 
From all outward appearances, I grew up in a relatively normal family. 
We had a nice house on a quiet street, my father had a good job and we went to church as a family every Sunday. 
Anyone who met my parents would walk away with the impression that they had a healthy marriage and happy children -- loving, kind and supportive of each other's needs. 
Of course, this was a complete lie, a carefully constructed facade put in place to prevent anyone outside of our family from knowing the truth. 
Additionally it served as an assurance of silence, something abusers thrive on. 
Why would anyone believe you? 
Look at how happy they all are! 
All of us knew that if we didn't tow the line, the nightmare that would await us at home. 
It's taken me nearly a decade to even begin speaking about this. 
Even now, I face potential ostracization by several members of my family. 
It's generally accepted that we don't want to talk about this. 
That it wasn't as bad as we remember. 
That our father just had a temper. 
That every family has problems and ours was no different. 
But it wasn't okay then and it certainly isn't okay now. 
The result of this has had profound and lasting psychological effects on everyone in my family, effects that have followed them into families of their own. 
Effects that caused depression, rage, anxiety, panic attacks, drug/alcohol abuse, and dysfunctional relationships. 
Effects that have eroded the bedrock of happiness in many of our own lives. 
Silence buys little relief. 
Whether you choose to speak about your experiences or not, it eventually rears its ugly head. 
For the longest time, I couldn't understand why I would be filled with rage that turned my sight red when I would hear of a woman being assaulted by a man. 
Once the silence was broken I began to understand, it made perfect sense. 
How many times had I watched my father attack my sisters when I was too young to do anything about it? 
How I had watched him choke my sister at the family dinner because she said something he didn't like. 
When he'd pushed my sister out of her chair and threw it down the stairs, shattering it into pieces like our sense of safety. 
Cheaters, emotional abusers, misogynists, and sexists also evoked my wrath. 
Afterall, my father didn't just limit his abuse to unpredictable acts of violence. 
I remember the first time my father realized my brother and I could stand up to him. 
He screamed at my brother until he was red in the face and then shoved him into a wall. 
Within seconds, I was off the couch and pushed him into a wall myself. 
With that, the physical abuse was reserved for my sisters, but for my brother and I he cunningly switched his tactics to things we couldn't protect each other from. 
Being repeatedly struck with a thick leather belt was nothing compared with the emotional abuse he could deal out. 
He was patient and incredibly manipulative. 
I went through very difficult times as a teenager. 
My confusion and anger expressed themselves through psychological and legal troubles. 
Unfortunately, this opened me up to new and insidious forms of abuse, where my suffering could be used as an opportunity to assert his control over me. 
There was the time I finally opened up to a therapist and he thought it would be healing for me to have a session with my parents. 
By the end of the session, my father had convinced him that we were just ungrateful, dishonest brats. 
The sessions were canceled and I never got a chance to talk to him again. 
Silenced. 
My downward spiral continued and before I knew it, I had earned myself a sentence in a juvenile detention center five hours from home. 
In many ways this was a reprieve from my suffering, in others it was a hellish nightmare. 
Around my fourth month, I was close to going home. 
One of the first steps was earning a pass off-grounds with your family. 
My mother and father drove up and we went out to lunch. 
When it came time for the post-visit interview, my father again went off about how ungrateful I was and how I hadn't learned my lesson yet. 
When asked if I could come home, he stood up and said No. 
as he walked out the door. 
Once my father realized he could extend my sentence by voicing his complaints, he made it a regular habit. 
I overstayed my recommended sentence by more than nine months. 
It wasn't until I returned home that I realized my definition of prison had changed. 
Rather than feeling a complete sense of freedom, I felt like I was walking back into my cell. 
When the complaints started with my probation officer, I realized I had to quickly extricate myself from his control. 
I was successfully able to get myself off probation, enroll myself in college and find my own apartment. 
Unfortunately, I was required to take a small student-loan out in my father's name each semester. 
This began a pattern of emotional abuse and blackmail. 
Either I did exactly what he said and didn't voice my opinion or he would yank the loan and I would end up back at home. 
Many semesters I had panic attacks as the deadline approached and he wouldn't sign the papers. 
My grades began to suffer and eventually I dropped out due to medical reasons. 
Unlike most children, I didn't fear my parents separation, I prayed for it every single night of my life. 
My heart dropped and my stomach churned every time she took him back. 
Why couldn't he just leave? 
Why couldn't he be one of those deadbeat dads who just runs off? 
What sort of sick pleasure did he gain from causing us to live in a constant state of fear? 
He didn't even like us, why not walk away? 
The answer to that question is control. 
Abusers often get off on controlling others and my father was no exception to this. 
He enjoyed watching us all walk on eggshells, he cherished our fear of him and he laughed at our attempts to escape. 
I wish I could tell you this was ancient history, but the final straw was only two years ago. 
At the time, I was living with my girlfriend when I received a panicked call in the middle of the night. 
My sister recovering from a divorce had moved home earlier that year. 
When tensions reached the boiling point my father had strangled her again. 
He had fled in the middle of the night when after my sister finally had enough, she called the police. 
A few days later my sister confided in me that she wished I had been there to stop him. 
This made me sick to my stomach. 
Not because of my inability to answer her plea for help, but because of my own cowardice. 
Here I was a grown man in good shape, weighing in at 180 lbs and trained in self-defense. 
I had recently stood down a bouncer twice my size who had thrown a friend of mine into a wall like she was a rag doll. 
But when I received that call from my sister, my first instinct wasn't to help, but to run down to my basement and sit in the corner. 
At that moment, instantly I was eight-years-old again, frightened for myself and my family's safety. 
So I did what was natural, to hide myself and turn inward. 
Fear and anger are natural responses when faced with your abuser or situations that remind you of the trauma. 
My brother has panic attacks, my sister has issues controlling her anger and my other sister wants to control everything which is a reaction to the uncontrollable. 
I never identified myself as someone who had been abused, I was positive that there was something wrong with me. 
This is the poison that is left behind. 
It's never your fault and the only thing wrong is the abuse that you endured. 
There's something about children of abuse, we seem drawn to each other whether we know it or not. 
I 've made many friends and had several relationships with others who had endured physical, emotional, psychological or sexual abuse. 
I could never understand why this happened, but I was grateful for it. 
I didn't feel normal and relating to those who had good childhoods or happy families was incredibly difficult. 
Although I denied my own abuse for much of my life, I always wanted to help others with theirs. 
I'm incredibly lucky to have been able to help so many come to terms with what happened to them. 
To not speak but to listen. 
To not judge, but to accept. 
To not advise but to support. 
To not become jaded, but to love ten times as much. 
Then I met her. 
She came into my life like an angel whose very presence calmed my own demons. 
Her childhood was a reflection of my own and through her I saw myself. 
She wanted to hear my story as much as I wanted to hear hers. 
She listened and encouraged me to talk when I found it difficult. 
Each acceptance of my deepest shame was as if a wound I'd never known existed was suddenly healed. 
There was no need to fear, she not only believed me, but could identify with me and then put it all into perspective. 
Suddenly I awoke, not to the pain, but to the beauty of my own existence. 
Throughout my experiences I 've spoken with many people about my relationships ; both platonic and romantic. 
If the subject of abuse ever arose, it's as if the scarlet letter had been revealed. 
I 've been told to Watch Out, or that they're incapable of having healthy relationships and my personal favorite they're broken and damaged people. 
We are not broken. 
We are not damaged. 
We can have healthy relationships and you don't need to watch out. 
The survivors of abuse I have known are the most beautiful souls I have ever had the pleasure of meeting. 
They have changed my life in so many positive ways and my life is better for having met them. 
We are not damaged goods, we are amazing people who 've experienced extraordinary trauma. 
So where am I now? 
I 've shed my silence and I'm more driven than ever. 
I write daily about domestic abuse, sexism, misogyny and my own journey. 
I 've linked up with some amazing organizations that provide assistance to victims of abuse and their families. 
I 've gotten deep into mindfulness and meditation, learning to control my emotions and experience lasting happiness. 
I'm also working on an illustrated book about my childhood, a very rewarding and cathartic experience. 
As far as my father? 
I 've let go of my anger and I 've come to view him as what he really is, a sick and suffering individual. 
I'm also strangely grateful to him, as my experiences have led me to learn a great deal about myself. 
I 've learned that what's most important to me in life is healthy relationships. 
That someday I 'll be a wonderful husband who will listen to, respect, love and cherish his wife. 
That someday I 'll be the most loving and devoted father that ever existed. 
That I 'll be there for my children. 
That I 'll teach them the right lessons. 
That they 'll be able to observe what a healthy and loving relationship looks like. 
That I 'll be able to teach my son to respect and appreciate women. 
That I 'll be able to show my daughter that she is a person and not an object. 
That my family will never know the terror and suffering that I did. 
That my father will have cheated himself out of witnessing all of these beautiful things, and that's okay because there isn't one thing that he could teach me about what it means to love. 
Sunday was a big day in our household as my son finally learned how to ride a bike without training wheels. 
This was actually a pretty traumatic experience for my wife and I because teaching a kid to ride a bike is really just an inter-connected web of lies that eventually leads to a child riding on two wheels. 
It often starts with the bike itself -- many times a present from Santa, whom we all know is nothing more than our cookie-loving alter ego dressed in red velvet. 
We convince our children that this fat bearded bastard who lives year round in the arctic with deer and toy-cobbling midgets has been spying on them just in case they 've been naughty. 
Anyone else feel like Santa's first vehicle was an unmarked white van with no windows? 
Feels like it to me. 
Once they have the bike, the lies continue. 
They 'll hop on and you tell them not to be afraid because it won't hurt if they fall. 
Who the hell are we kidding? 
It's going to hurt like a sonofabitch. 
If falling didn't hurt, mankind would have never invented all of those catchy cliches about what to do when you fall. 
There'd just be a simple saying like, Those who fall .... 
lay there with smiles on their faces eating sandwiches because falling doesn't hurt at all. 
So they 'll fall 10,000 times and smash their hands/knees/face on the cement and start crying their eyes out while the whole time you're insisting it doesn't hurt. 
Two bones in my leg cracked this morning when I got out of bed. 
If I tipped over onto the cement while riding a bike I'm pretty sure it would take CPR to get me back up. 
Of course you're going to let go. 
That's the whole point. 
Most of the time the kid has a problem riding because they're scared. 
And if you can get them to ignore the fear they 'll be just fine. 
So you get them going, tell them you're holding on, and then you yank the rug out from under them and hope to hell they don't roll into the road and get hit by a bus. 
Yep, your lie could get them hit by a bus. 
I won't let go has to be one of the worst lies you could tell. 
But just for fun, here are five more that would be equally bad: 
1. 
Don't worry, I won't drop you. 
2. 
I'm on the pill. 
3. 
It 'll grow back eventually. 
4. 
Yes, those berries are perfectly safe to eat 5. 
I 've only had 12 drinks. 
I can land the plane just fine. 
Yet despite all these lies, my son started riding his bike just fine. 
He did awesome. 
And when I looked at him riding and smiling I realized that sometimes the end does justify the means. 
Plus, if he thinks I'm lying a lot to him now, just wait until he becomes a teenager. 
Sit at your usual table. 
Order a cappuccino -- soy, because milk is gross. 
Want to tell him about things. 
Want to say, hey, my family has a vault of crazy. 
Tell him about your grandmother with the blueberry eyes, and pearly hair down to her thighs, and how she used to cheat at cards and swipe saucepans at ghosts. 
Tell him about your uncle that published a collection of poetry on Princess Diana, and how he buried his wife in a glass casket and you watched his teenage daughters throw themselves onto it yelling, Mama, don't leave me! 
Tell him about the uncle that's a pussy-whipped drunk, that couldn't get a fly out of his car one day so he closed all the windows and drove to his summer house before he let it go. 
Tell him he said, now try finding your way back home, cursed fly. 
Tell him that this is a true story. 
Tell him that you write about your family sometimes and people think it's fiction. 
Want a cigarette. 
Feel annoyed that you can't have one because you live in a country with rules and you don't want to go outside. 
Stay put. 
Stew. 
Chew a nail. 
Remember that the pussy-whipped uncle's wife that you refuse to call your aunt threw out your dolls when you were twelve. 
Don't admit that you were almost thirty when you forgave her. 
Tell him about your journals, that you have hundreds of them, all bloated with thoughts and you're scared that no one will ever read them after you die. 
Say, I tried to read them myself once but I couldn't stop crying. 
Tell him that sometimesalotofthetime you cry until your chest hurts. 
That this is the year you mastered the art of rire en pleurer. 
Ask him if he has ever cried so hard he ended up laughing. 
Ask him if he has ever turned his laughter into tears like wine into water. 
Tell him about the first time you heard that song by Wendy Rene, just after your first heartbreak, and how you swore you'd never let anyone do it to you again. 
But here you are and now you don't know how not to believe that, after the laughter come tears, always. 
Tell him you 've stopped saying, I used to be beautiful. 
That you'd been saying it for years. 
As if you were some tattered starlet wrapped in diamonds and fur -- faux, because animal skin is gross -- murmuring, oh darling, darling, I used to be beautiful! 
Ask him if he would believe that you were a precocious, theatrical child. 
That you read Shakespeare and the Bible before you hit double digits. 
That you forged your mother's signature in the first grade. 
Don't tell him you were responsible for letting your sister's rabbit get hit by a car when you were five and three quarters. 
Ask him what you were saying because you forgot but then interrupt because you remember yourself. 
Tell him you don't say you used to be beautiful anymore because you think you are again. 
Maybekindofyouthink. 
Say, I l like this. 
I'm myself again. 
At least, I'm who I was again. 
Tell him about your mother's side, about how your grandmother had immaculate skin because she wasn't allowed to work in the fields. 
Tell him that when she married your ratty grandfather, a street musician, she was disowned. 
Tell him the morning after her wedding she went to buy vegetables at the laiki in her wedding gown. 
Tell him that the rat squandered her dowry on women and wine and left her for his mistress just after you were born. 
Say, she had fourteen abortions! 
Tell him you wonder if the foetal ghosts follow your mother and aunt around. 
Don't admit that these juicy tragedies thrill you. 
Tell him that you have your very own foetal ghost. 
That her name was Cordelia and that she would have had her father's ocean eyes and your sharp mouth. 
Tell him you lost her while you were travelling in Thailand, that she fell out of you like meat. 
Admit you 've only ever told four people about her. 
Tell him that her father is gay now. 
That he sends you photos of forks with captions like go fork yourself. 
Admit that it's easier to get over someone if they're gay. 
Give in and go outside to have a cigarette. 
Consider admitting that you smoke because you think it's cool. 
Say, I 've been a casual smoker since I was fifteen. 
Say, I think it's the only casual thing about me. 
Out of corners, like an antelope, eye up all the cute candidates in the café. 
Wonder if this is going to be the day your own romantic comedy starts but then remember that you have learnt not to need people. 
Say, I have to learn to live without love, learn not to need it, because I think that's the only way to get it. 
Tell him about your father. 
That he is hysterical in a hahaha way and also in a Diane Keaton in a Woody Allen movie way and that you can't stand Woody Allen. 
Tell him that you have a father that gives you puppies and then takes them away. 
That asks you for an orange juice while he's watching YouTube videos even though you're rushing for work. 
That he drinks whiskey and smokes cigars and plays golf and says things like, when I was a fashion designer in London or I was living in Melbourne with my wild boar and Afghan hound or I knew Rick Springfield when I was a band manager. 
Tell him you learnt to think this was hilarious but that the hahahas have turned into urghs. 
Don't admit that you're ashamed of having his name and his temperament and his nose. 
Don't admit that when your family hints at parallel personalities, you throw tantrums. 
Don't admit the irony. 
Say, I was tempted to take my mother's maiden name but the thing is that she married someone just like her father. 
Want to tell him about the grief you felt when you realised that no matter how far back you go you end up crashing into a patriarchal wall. 
That every woman comes from an infinite line of women that lost their fathers' names to their husbands. 
Tell him you learnt to love from your mother and that she loves like a lion. 
Say, I don't know how lions love but somehow it makes sense. 
Don't say more about your mother because when you love someone you go on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on about them and you'd hate to bore him. 
Tell him about that time you and your best friend locked yourselves in the bathroom at Fabric in London for two hours doing coke and telling each other how much you loved each other on a loop. 
Say, it's difficult for men to compete when you 've been loved by such fierce women. 
Don't admit that this is what you tell yourself. 
Tell him you don't know if you 've ever really fallen out of love with anyone and you don't understand how they all fit in your heart but it's true, they do. 
You 've decidedyouthink that you never stop loving anyone or fall out of love completely. 
The love can fade but can never disappear. 
Or maybe the you that loved them gets smaller as you evolve and change. 
But the you that loved them will still always exist, even as a small, forgotten room in the mansion of your morphing soul. 
Sit back down at your table and feel the hollow of your stomach. 
Consider getting a croissant but $ $ + calories = ☹. 
Tell him about that summer you thought you were fat because you went up to 49 kilos. 
Tell him you always hated the arrogant number five. 
Tell him that you use up a lot of energy convincing yourself that this, the fattest you 've ever been, is okay because you are a woman now. 
Say, do you see me as a woman? 
Don't admit that your most successful tactic in being a woman is to act like one. 
Say, sometimes we are better at playing the role of ourselves than actually being ourselves. 
Change the subject. 
Tell him about the time you went for a drink with your friend and how you ended up driving to her holiday house at three in the morning. 
Tell him that you called up the housekeeper when you were almost there so the beds were made and a breakfast feast prepared, and that you spent all weekend playing cards and nibbling on cheese platters. 
Tell him you thought, not for the first time, that luxury suits you. 
It's not that you want it -- though you do -- just that it suits you. 
Tell him about the time you went to a wedding at the Grande Bretagne and got lost in its golden corridors and how, in your drunkenness, you thought you could be lost forever. 
Tell him you liked that. 
Say, when I was a teacher in Hanoi I made three little boys cry or and we ended up jumping up and down on the bed in fur coats, our nasal canals jammed with first-class blow or so the five of us fell asleep in the car and when we woke up, we were in a field surrounded by rabbits. 
Say, I am nothing like my father. 
Getting even a subset of this group to go anywhere in the same direction at the same time is always a challenge. 
Lunch one day was our own version of Abbott and Costello's Who's on First. 
When we were texting each other Let's have lunch here, very few of us actually shared the same definition of here. 
Our plan was to go to the beach that day. 
We got there at 2. 
Dinners can also be eventful. 
Desired dinner times for the group seem to be neatly distributed along a bell curve that corresponded to our ages. 
The little kids and seniors wanted early. 
The forty-somethings wanted late. 
Behavior at restaurants is also correlated to age. 
When the kids were babies, my mother use to worry about them bothering the neighboring diners. 
Now she worries about the forty-somethings bothering them. 
My brother-in-law Austin foolishly ignored the polite observation by the waitress that he might be ordering too much food. 
By brother Matt as opposed to brother-in-law Matt almost starting crying over the disappearance of the wings. 
My brother-in-law Matt as opposed to my brother Matt tried to communicate with the waiters in Italian even though neither he nor they were Italian. 
Excellenté! 
In addition to the communication gap between the non-Italians, there was also a communication gap between the age groups. 
In the telling of one story, my husband Dave as opposed to brother Dave or my nephew Dave repeatedly stated he was no Marcus Welby. 
I can't wait for the next wave of chaos. 
It was excellenté. 
We cover our food with it. 
We carry our purchases in it. 
We even wrap our plastic products in plastic. 
The first synthetic plastic was created in 1907 by American chemist Leo Baekeland. 
Baekeland's successful development of plastic from phenol acid paved the way for the creation of many other forms of synthetic plastic in the first half of the 20th century, including polyester and polyvinylchloride PVC in the 1930s and polyethylene terephthalate PET in 1941. 
Cheap production and public fascination helped to immediately solidify plastic's place in the global marketplace. 
By the middle of the 20th century, everything from jewelry to military vehicles was being manufactured in plastic. 
The importance modern consumers place on convenience has made our dependence on plastic a societal norm. 
Even if we don't ask for a plastic bag, we're often handed one. 
If we sit down at a restaurant, we're offered a straw or two. 
Across the globe, only 5 percent of the plastics we produce is recovered for reuse. 
Close to half of our plastic trash is buried in landfills, and much of the rest has made its way into the natural environment. 
Its petroleum base makes the decay of plastic impossible. 
Living a plastic-free life isn't convenient, but it's possible. 
The easiest change we can make is to refuse single-use plastics like bags and straws when they are offered to us. 
Want to up your commitment? 
Invest in reusable products! 
For every plastic bottle, bag and straw we use, an eco-friendly alternative exists. 
Even choosing to reuse the plastic that we do consume can help to lessen the presence of waste in our natural environment. 
It is not usual for an average person to know what does an IOP program refer to. 
Though those who have associated with an addiction recovery program do find it common. 
IOP or the Intensive Out-Patient program provides recovery treatment for addiction and dependency disorders. 
It is also known as Transitional / Partial treatment as residential treatment is not mandatory. 
Also, drug and alcohol related addicts are more often a part of it. 
It may lack or include physician prescribed detoxification depending on the addict's medical condition. 
As mentioned above, an out-patient program is not a residential one. 
On the whole it means that an addict can be a part of it as per their own convenience. 
Most of the treatment centers provide flexible treatment hours for their patients. 
So, for an instance one can either go during day-time or later in evening. 
Rehabilitation centers also have options for group as well as individual therapy sessions. 
This feature thereby increases the flexibility and convenience quotient. 
Recovery treatments provided through IOP include structured and set guidelines. 
It includes individualized treatments based on comprehensive diagnosis of each patient. 
A typical involvement could be of 2 -- 3 hours per session on alternate days in a week. 
The treatment lasts for 4 to 6 weeks on an average. 
Though exceptional cases may call for duration of 10 -- 12 weeks as well. 
A treatment at an IOP depends on the physical and mental condition of a patient. 
The complex needs of the patient then determines the therapy needs. 
Many rehabilitation facilities also involve family and psychological counseling for optimum results. 
Few of them also help patients by advising alternate holistic therapies for their patients. 
They include nutrition counseling, meditation and yoga in their treatments. 
The expenses for addiction recovery are a major deterrent for delay in treatment. 
In that regard, the IOP turns out to be an economical solution for saving bucks. 
For certain there are costs attached to the in-patient treatment program. 
Though in comparison to the in-patient program it turns out cheaper. 
Many addiction therapy centers also accept insurance coverage plan from financial institutions. 
Few of them also benefit individuals by the means of educational scholarships. 
The fear of disintegrating from the family fears addicts to join an intensive rehabilitation. 
Along with that the thought of staying jobless also haunts the addicts. 
That is when the out-patient programs prove resourceful. 
The engagement with them does not require leaving the work life to get treated. 
Thus, one can achieve harmony between professional and personal life with the on-going treatment. 
This article is for informational purposes only. 
It is not a substitute for an advice from a registered medical practitioner. 
Please consult a certified health care professional before following or referring for personal use. 
A few weeks ago I visited my grandmother at her nursing home. 
It was the first time she didn't recognize me. 
During past visits she may have taken a moment and needed reminders throughout our time together, but eventually her face would light up with excitement and she would say my name. 
This visit was the first time that even with some coaxing she couldn't put a shred of memory to my face. 
It devastated me. 
By the time her Alzheimer's had advanced to a point that she could no longer live at home, I had somewhat settled into a place where I knew what to expect, knew how to make her laugh and laugh with her, knew who this new woman was before me, and what was the same and what was changed. 
The initial shock had faded and I still had my grandma, she was just different. 
Now, though, she was entering a new phase and I wasn't prepared. 
She struggled more than ever to connect with our conversations and at moments seemed indifferent to my presence. 
Shortly after that visit my mother announced that she would be getting tested for the gene mutation related to familial Alzheimer's. 
She was adamant that she wanted to know whether or not the debilitating and deadly disease would be her future. 
Until then I thought I had inherited all of my fears and anxieties from her, but apparently the fear of knowing was all my own. 
I looked into testing. 
While APOE genotyping is generally used to establish the likelihood that a symptomatic patient is indeed suffering from late-onset Alzheimer's, people with a family history may also be tested for the gene associated with the disease. 
A single copy of the gene increases your risk, and two copies one from each parent, further increases that risk. 
If the test does not detect any presence of the gene, you are at lower risk, but may still develop Alzheimer's. 
There is no test that can tell you definitively if you will develop Alzheimer's. 
Some doctors argue that being tested as a young adult could generate mental anguish and reduce the quality of life for an individual who could live more fully before the disease takes hold, or who may never actually develop Alzheimer's at all. 
Even though my grandmother seems exceptionally young for such an advanced case -- she was diagnosed at 66 and is now 72 -- her disease qualifies as late-onset. 
I am a candidate for APOE genotyping. 
The availability of testing forced me to confront what I ultimately feared about the disease. 
I fear what the people who love me will endure. 
I fear that fulfilling my desire to have children would be horribly selfish. 
How can I pass down the suffering of losing a parent to Alzheimer's? 
How can I bring children into the world, knowing they may have to face all of the questions and fears that I do now? 
As I discussed this piece with my boyfriend I realized that taking the test would mean he would have a new set of choices, too. 
Could I expect a partner to commit himself to me, knowing that I may be at risk? 
Is resisting that piece of knowledge even more unfair to that person? 
If I am lucky enough to grow old with someone, I may wake up one day forgetting what our morning plans were, forgetting the name of our favorite restaurant, and eventually, forgetting his name, his face. 
I don't know that I could ask someone to sign up for that fate. 
My mother is likely ready to know her risk because she has already passed some of the choices that lay ahead for someone younger. 
Could I go on to have kids if I discover that I am high risk? 
I don't know. 
But my mother -- she already has me. 
She is planning for the very next stage of her life. 
I have many more stages in between. 
I have chosen to put off testing until the potential for marriage and children are more real -- until one day I am actually standing at the crossroads that are only distant outlines to me now. 
Testing positive for the gene today would devastate me. 
I hope that later on in life I will feel stronger. 
Maybe the arc of my grandmother's story will have taught me something that will set me in one direction or the other -- another lesson on top of the many she's given me in my lifetime. 
When I was leaving the nursing home that day, after my most solemn and subdued visit yet, I pushed down the urge to cry. 
I was grateful for her blissful unawareness of how much I hurt for her, and for myself. 
I wrapped my arms around her and whispered, I love you. 
I love you more, she responded with her trademark phrase, the one she reserved only for me. 
I pulled back and looked into her eyes and repeated myself. 
I love you more, she said again, her eyes dancing and playful, a wide smile on her face. 
She looked happy. 
I left feeling slightly less depressed. 
A piece of her knew it was me and we had connected. 
The thread that runs between who my grandmother was and who she is today may be thin, but it is still there. 
I am beginning to see that even amid the change and suffering that may await me and my loved ones a long way down the road, there is still so much to be said for the life you live in between and the glimmers of love exchanged in our most hopeless moments. 
Already, she shows me the way. 
I took a deep breath as I ascended the stairs, following my tormentor with obedient, yet hesitant steps. 
Searching for a sign of humanity in the faces that passed me, but finding only plastic masks returning my furtive glances. 
· What's your risk profile? 
Is this similar to the Love Profile quiz I took in Cosmo last week? 
· Have you opened a Roth IRA yet? 
No ... not yet. 
But it was definitely on my to do list today -- what is it again? 
· Do you have life insurance? 
None to speak of, although I'd make a dollar bet that one of my ex-boyfriends took some out on me. 
· What are your financial goals? 
To have enough money that I don't need to sit in this office and worry about money anymore. 
· Do you have an investment account? 
Is that like a savings account or a checking account? 
Or somewhere in between, kind of like brunch is to breakfast and lunch? 
This was my first meeting with a financial advisor. 
A meeting that I felt wholly insecure about having in the first place. 
It was clear to me ... and certainly must have been to the rest of the suited-and-booted fellows in the big, fancy brokerage office ... that I wasn't of the ilk that they typically saw. 
In truth, I wasn't really qualified to have a financial advisor, was I? 
I was the granddaughter of a whip-smart, yet 8th grade-educated matriarch who worked as a clerk in the post office and gave me only one piece of financial advice in my life: Make sure you get a job with a pension. 
I didn't follow it. 
· Put a kid through college I went to Stanford .... 
but Antioch City college for the kid was sounding mighty fine. 
But not this kind of help. 
Not the kind of help where I felt like I was being set up for a co-dependent relationship with a partner that exploited my vulnerabilities. 
Not the kind of help where I felt like answers to my questions were intentionally presented with as much complicated financial jargon as possible Would you prefer long-term securities or short-term asset-related annuity-style blah blah blah? 
. 
And get a new guy, I did. 
Enter my new financial advisor, Bill, in 2007. 
6. 
He came to me instead of making me come to him on our first date clearly an indicator of moral fiber. 
5. 
He held my hand through the entire process figuratively, that is ... literal hand-holding with your financial advisor qualifies as creepy. 
4. 
He asked about my goals and dreams instead of just my money no gold diggers here. 
3. 
He didn't make me feel like I had to be the prettiest girl in the room or the richest, in this case to get his attention. 
2. 
He drew me pictures granted, they were pictures depicting the power of compound interest, but pictures nonetheless. 
1. 
And last, yet first, he communicated in words that didn't leave me feeling lost, mystified, poorly-reared, or financially feeble-minded. 
Quite the opposite, he made me smarter. 
What mother wouldn't want THAT? 
And so, after 8 years of working with my financial advisor Bill, my life has been changed. 
I feel in control of my personal finances, I'm proud of the decisions I make, I'm on track to reach my goals, and I worry less. 
Much, much less. 
I faced the Financial Freddy Krueger -- and I won. 
And so can you. 
Change the story's title and subtitle as neededTomorrow is Jesse's last day. 
She 'll wake my dad up early like she always does, he 'll prepare her favorite breakfast chicken, always chicken -- and lots of it as he provides a running commentary of various things that Jesse might be thinking in the moment -- a habit he's had ever since I can remember that the rest of the family finds endearingly hilarious and continuously littered with some great Dad jokes.Getting Jesse seemed too good to be true -- she came after a 6-year kids vs. parents let's get a dog conversation-turned-discussion-turned-dispute, during which it appeared the kids' side would never win out. 
Consequently, Jesse's entrance into our lives my sophomore year of high school came as a complete surprise: I was in the San Mateo Post Office on a Wednesday with two of my sisters, waiting to meet my mom and other sister to take passport photos.As we were tapping away the wait time on the linoleum floor, lamenting the broken air conditioner, my mom and sister Ramsay arrived with a small bag. 
Ramsay was almost shaking with excitement as her ten-year-old hands threw open the Velcro-top of the bag, and a small brown head popped out of the bag. 
She giggled with delight at revealing a surprise to her older siblings as four small paws and a head too big for its body hopped out, a pair of big black eyes looked up, and in what would become Jesse's trademark move, she jumped between laps of four laughing kids and immediately went to lick everyone's face.As soon as we were convinced that Jesse really was our dog, next the six of us had to agree on a name. 
Mostly the four kids wanted to name her after whatever we were into at the moment: I think my sisters tossed some Dawson's Creek character names in the mix, and I lobbied hard for Biggie or Tupac each of these suggestions was overruled. 
I snuck in a suggestion of one of my favorite bands' lead singers, and without revealing that little tidbit to my family, got buy-in to unknowingly name her after the singer of Brand New.Over the next few months, we all clamored to spend time with Jesse. 
My mom can be credited with training her, as she spent hours a day with her over those first few months. 
Ramsay smuggled her food under the dinner table for years though would continue to deny it and set up jumps for her in the backyard and that she trained Jesse to hop over.My dad took on the role of officially feeding her versus Ramsay's underground operation, which with her never-ending appetite, meant regular 5am wake ups because she was so excited for breakfast. 
Alex, Chelsea, and I all played various games of fetch with her, offered her neck and belly rubs, and fell asleep next to her on the couch on numerous occasions.Jesse is 13 and a half, and despite her diagnosis -- urethral cancer -- she's in exceptionally good spirits: she still gets giddy an hour before any meal, and she's cuddling on the couch now as I write this.When I think about my family, I think about Jesse a lot -- she's been a fixture for so much of all our lives. 
Whenever I came home from baseball or basketball practice in high school, she'd hop right into my sports bag. 
Coming home from college, she'd paw at my leg as soon as I walked through the door. 
Even today, at 13 and a half, she's only a slightly less-spry version of herself when I go to my parents' new house and she walks up to me, looks up, and licks my hand to say hello.I remember the Giants winning the World Series and her running around as our family jumped up and down celebrating. 
When things weren't as happy, she'd comfort anyone who was upset or sick. 
She's consistently been such a huge source of positive energy and unconditional love ; I can't imagine opening the door at my parents' house and not seeing her there.Jesse, thanks for being such an amazing companion -- I know wherever you're going next it 'll be filled with beaches full of birds to chase, couch cushions to curl up on, and as much chicken as you want -- I love you and am really going to miss you. 
It has become apparent that for the most part family practice primary care lags behind in its use of technology, digital tools, and services, in its role to provide comprehensive contextual care. 
Records keeping and information sharing among a vast majority of physicians still relies heavily on dated mediums such as fax, and post mail. 
These methods of information sharing and collaboration are slow, inefficient, and therefore impede continuity/coordination of care. 
As a result, these dated methods of information sharing become a considerable risk in terms of patient privacy and information compromise. 
These are a few of the issues that gave rise to Preserdocs pronounced ; presser -- docs. 
Preserdocs is a digital medical records management company which offers its services to patients and physicians. 
There are many facets to its services, but primarily, it allows its clients you the user to control their medical records, by establishing and maintaining a digital health and medical record even if the client has or doesn't have a dedicated family doctor. 
Of its first 100 + users, many have successfully compiled a comprehensive medical record by converting their old paper records into digital format. 
These users have access on their tablets, personal home computers, and smart phones. 
This service comes highly praised by health professionals and physicians who readily profess that a patient's comprehensive digital medical record is regarded as somewhat of a holy grail. 
The organization and click search functions incorporated into the user's digital medical records, brings added value and functionality. 
Preserdocs fosters the concept of health care continuity by enabling patients and physicians to work as a team by providing services that allow efficient, secure, sharing and transfer of medical records. 
This facet of service is essential in the realm of primary care universally, it promotes continuity and coordination of patient care, especially with the current decline of graduating medical students going into primary care Canada. 
Preserdocs incorporates the health record banking concept as a means of eliminating fragmented health care, a problem which plagues people worldwide. 
Fragmented health care occurs primarily as a result of people relying on walk in clinics and hospital emergency departments for their primary health care. 
As a result, they encounter a multitude of physicians over the years and their health and medical records end up with a number of physicians and hospital departments that have at one point in time been involved in their medical care. 
Preserdocs' users on the contrary can establish a digital comprehensive medical record which they control and manage. 
Users will have the power to grant access to any health professional or institution they consult for their medical care. 
Preserdocs users also have the capacity to manage their digital medical record. 
At their convenience users can add records such as prescriptions, lab results, reports, etc.. 
Over time, their digital health record becomes a health record bank or trust which serves as a repository for all their relevant health and medical information. 
This enables continuity of their medical care because any health professional physicians, registered nurses, pharmacists, physiotherapists etc. the user grants access to becomes privy to the complete big picture of the user's medical history. 
As a result, these health professionals can easily review the entire user medical history efficiently to see what medical care has been provided in the past. 
This prevents repetitive and redundant testing that ties up human, hospital, and laboratory resources. 
The responsibilities of the contemporary primary care physician are significant when compared to those of the past. 
Between running a viable private practice, acting as a psychotherapist or confidant for almost every patient, and a multitude of other responsibilities, primary care practitioners already have enough to deal with. 
So it comes as no surprise that very few physicians have the time to attentively review each and every patient chart or medical record transferred to their practice. 
Enter Preserdocs, again. 
The service helps physicians with efficient retrieval and review of patient health and medical records. 
Physicians partnered with Preserdocs benefit from the convenience to search and click for specific patient records and health information as opposed to sifting through the average 200 pages of medical records associated with patients with existing chronic condition s. 
Preserdocs also helps physicians provide remote consult e-services, utilizing tools that enable remote review of lab results and diagnostic tests, physicians can comment directly on digital test results while communicating directly with registered users. 
Preserdocs has much more to offer the realm of primary care, the company aims to provide value foremost for its users and physician clients and partners. 
Preserdocs is determined to be an integral part of service providers ushering in the new wave of digital and mobile health. 
On May 1, 1992, my seven-year-old brother was crossing the street to get the mail. 
He stepped off of the school bus, crossed the road, and was hit by a pick-up truck. 
He did not live. 
I was three weeks away from my 13th birthday. 
My hope for this blog is not to gain sympathy. 
Crap happens good things happen too. 
The goal of this blog is to help other siblings with their loss and know that they are not alone. 
When lives are snuffed out before their time, the parents are the primary focus. 
I'm a parent now. 
I understand that. 
There are others that suffer as well though. 
It was a pretty windy first day of May. 
I was jumping on a bus headed home full of excitement. 
My friend Lisa was having her 13th birthday party that night and our group of friends were going to a slumber party at her house. 
As the bus headed towards home, we saw an ambulance on the side of the road. 
The bus continued its route and as it continued around the curve to my house, I saw police cars. 
As I got off of the bus I was greeted by our pastor. 
I remember the intense warm wind and Andrew's backpack sitting on the ground. 
I vaguely remember what felt like a crowd of people staring at me but it might have been two. 
Tim, our pastor, walked me to the house and told me there had been an accident. 
Andrew was hit by a truck and was at the hospital. 
My parents were there and he was going to take me to them. 
We were going to get our youth pastor's wife, Jeanne, on the way. 
At that time, there were three hospitals in Fort Wayne and none of them were too close to where we were. 
Now, there are two hospitals that are within 10 -- 15 minutes of that home. 
As a result, we had to weave through town to get to Parkview. 
I remember on the way that there was a billboard for a celebrity hockey tournament that Dave Coullier from Full House was playing in. 
The things that stick out during these scary moments are so weird. 
We got to the hospital and I was ushered into this tiny tiny room where my parents were. 
I remember people coming in and out. 
Every time a doctor came with a report I was ushered out of the room. 
I don't remember much about the last time I was asked to leave and then coming back into the room to hear the news. 
I do remember going with my parents to see my brother after he passed. 
I stayed for maybe a second or two. 
I didn't want to see that. 
My parents and I went back to the little cramped room and I went and checked on all of our friends and family that had camped out in the hospital. 
Thinking back, it was amazing how many people were in that waiting room for us. 
We had family spilling over into some clerical offices that were vacant at the time, we had co-workers of my parents in with the masses and we had grandparents on the way from in town and our hometown of Bay City, Michigan. 
I remember trying to call friends of mine to tell them what had happened. 
Most were going to the slumber party but they hadn't left yet. 
One friend's brother was unfortunate enough to answer the phone. 
My friend Marissa wasn't available and I blurted out, Andrew just died. 
I need to talk to her. 
Sorry about that Seth. 
I wasn't quite sure what to do. 
Needless to say when I called back I got her right away. 
For some reason, I don't remember my parents at the hospital and their reactions. 
I do remember going out and showing people that we were okay. 
To check on them. 
I was especially concerned with my cousin, Joseph. 
He and Andrew were best friends and I knew that he was going to be feeling something. 
We left the hospital and went home. 
I slept on my parents floor for quite awhile. 
We had a two-story house but Andrew and I were the only ones who slept on that floor. 
I remember not being sure how to feel and not quite wanting to be alone. 
Most of the feelings I remember at that time I realize now as shock and immaturity. 
I remember a lot of darkness at that time. 
Like, literally it was dark. 
Curtains were drawn, lights were off. 
It feels like my parents spent a lot of time in their room and I played our Super Nintendo that's right, SUPER Nintendo. 
I know that they were around and concerned about me, they were also trying to draw strength from each other and process the fact that their family of four was just reduced by one energetic, happy, loving, firecracker of a son. 
There are lots of things that happen when there is a death of a loved one. 
There's family gatherings, food, lots of tissue, viewings, hugs, tears, a little laughter, food, stories, and experiences with seeing a loved one looking a bit plastic in a casket. 
Another thing that happened which seems really bizarre to me now, is gifts. 
I got gifts at my brother's viewing and funeral. 
Gifts. 
I was given a Caboodle remember those ?! 
If not, you missed out! 
, a Walkman, and a bunch of other little things. 
I have no idea what would possess someone to give a gift to a kid at a funeral but I really love the fact that they thought about me. 
They wanted to show that they cared and didn't know how to respond. 
How many people do you know that have lost a kid brother? 
My guess is not that many. 
One very wise act of love that stands out to me was something my mom's friend Karen did for me. 
We were at the viewing and she pulled me aside. 
Come on, we are going to go get you a diary. 
We drove to Hallmark and I chose a diary and purple pen. 
She said, 
I still have that diary. 
I read it not too long ago. 
She was right. 
Here's the thing. 
I didn't cry at all about losing my brother. 
Please don't misunderstand, I absolutely loved him. 
I just couldn't process what was happening in my world. 
I knew he was gone. 
I got that. 
I just couldn't let those tears out. 
I felt like I had to be strong. 
I didn't know how to deal with it. 
I'm still thinking about how I didn't deal with it. 
I'm still a little unsure why I felt like stone. 
Vacant. 
Just a little lost. 
I went into Andrew's room not long after the hubbub died down. 
The only reason I wanted to go in there? 
I wanted to cry. 
I wanted to release the feelings I didn't know how to articulate. 
I didn't. 
I felt guilty about that. 
I was feeling sad and lost. 
I felt like something huge was missing. 
It was. 
I don't know if it was being three weeks away from turning 13 that messed up my emotions or if it was just shock. 
I do know I managed to build up a pretty significant wall to my grief and had to knock it down with a wrecking ball. 
It took me seven years to chip away at the concrete. 
Seven. 
Years. 
I 've tried to find ways to get this story out there. 
I feel a tug on my heartstrings anytime there is a death in general. 
I feel a gut wrenching pain whenever that death is of a life cut short. 
Death is hard enough to deal with. 
When its unexpected it's hard and shocking. 
My dad's mom passed away from cancer 10 years and one month after Andrew. 
That was hard but it was a little easier to process because we knew it was coming and her pain was over. 
I'm not trying to diminish anyone's death experience at all. 
Just giving you context into my experiences. 
The funny thing about grief is that you never know when it will decide you need to water the ground a little more. 
September of 2011 I had my first daughter, Georgia. 
I had no idea that such an amazing, life-changing event would bring my Andrew grief up again. 
My grief this time was from my mom's perspective. 
What she and my dad must 've gone through. 
How did they let me out of their sights after that? 
How would it feel having something I brought to life gone before me? 
Bring on the feels and bring on the blog. 
This blog is a way for me to keep Andrew as a part of my life. 
This is so my girls and my husband really get to know Andrew. 
I 'll share stories of Andrew's life, what the girls are doing and how my life is still very much entwined with my brothers. 
I'm sitting in my youngest daughter's room willing her to sleep. 
For some reason my girls don't want to sleep. 
Ever. 
Me? 
That's all I want to do. 
Remember when you and I shared a room? 
We had that bunk bed dad built. 
You had a mattress on the floor and I slept on the top. 
We didn't seem to sleep either, if I remember correctly. 
Or rather, I didn't sleep. 
Karma and all that. 
I remember doing flips over the wall of the bed onto your mattress. 
I landed a little to hard and got the air knocked right out of me. 
You were always telling me to go to sleep and I was always playing in my bed. 
Georgia does that now. 
She 'll play for hours. 
I always thought I was getting away with something. 
Mom and Dad were totally onto me just like I am to her. 
She's not fooling anyone. 
I think you would 've been a great uncle. 
My girls would 've really loved you. 
It's hard trying to explain where you are. 
Georgia will try to make sense of it. 
When she tries to talk about it, it comes out very raw yet cute. 
She 'll say, Mommy, I'm sorry your brother was killed. 
Why was he? 
Toddlers don't quite get how to be subtle. 
I understand though. 
I think about the night before you died, a lot. 
Mom and Dad went out for their anniversary and I babysat. 
We ordered Pappy's Pizza Paid with change. 
They must 've loved that! 
, had a scavenger hunt, watched Home Alone and ate that popcorn that had that neon food coloring in the bag. 
I'm sure those had chemicals that are now outlawed. 
It must 've been a Thursday because you and I had to go to school the next morning. 
There was a big storm and we decided we should sleep in the guest room together. 
Looking back, I'm so glad we did. 
I 've decided that people with siblings really don't know what they 've got. 
When I hear about siblings that have had a falling out I hurt for them. 
They have a chance to have a relationship. 
You and I had that taken from us. 
How would they feel if that person was gone in a puff of smoke? 
When I hear of siblings that are best friends I get so jealous. 
We totally had our arguments. 
Let's be honest. 
We could get into it like the rest of them maybe better. 
But we loved each other too. 
I never got to thank you for the popcorn. 
You never actually gave it to me. 
After you died the police kept your backpack as evidence for some reason. 
We got it a few months later. 
It had some scratches on it. 
I 'll never forget opening it up and there was a bag of popcorn. 
You had written my name on it. 
That really touched me. 
Still does. 
Will Violet ever sleep? 
I keep thinking she's going to fall asleep and BAM! 
she's back up. 
This parent thing is pretty awesome but man is it exhausting. 
I think you would 've made an awesome dad. 
I wish you'd been given the chance. 
My mind races. 
I 've never heard my father begin a conversation with those words. 
He wouldn't have said that unless something was very wrong ... Immediately my thoughts fixate on my eldest family members ; I imagine one of my grandparents had fallen and injured themselves -- or worse -- passed away. 
Keith Franklin was my uncle by marriage, not by birth. 
But, he was the only uncle I had for a large portion of my childhood. 
My father's sister didn't get married until I was in junior high, but Karen and Keith had been married since before I was born. 
I remember visiting a museum with Keith. 
At one point, I ran down the hallway and tried to hurdle a bench. 
My nascent lack of athleticism reared its ugly head, I botched the jump, hit my mouth on the bench and split my lip wide open. 
Keith took me to the first aid station to get my lip tended, and then to the gift shop where he bought me a small stuffed animal. 
It was a brontosaurus, which happened to have a red, puffed out lip -- just like me. 
I was visiting my girlfriend in Austin for a wedding when I got the call. 
Well, to be honest, the wedding had happened the night before. 
We had torn the place down -- great food, greater company, less great dancing. 
As you might imagine, the next morning was quite the slog. 
We were at brunch, surrounded by the friends we had either seen again, reconnected with or made for the first time the night before. 
Together, we were collectively reliving the night before, jointly attempting to overcome our respective hangovers. 
The phone rang. 
I walked into the hallway so as not to be rude. 
My father delivers the news. 
I stand in complete shock for a few moments, trying to wrap my head around what he just said. 
I walk back into the restaurant and sit back down at the table, my mind in a haze. 
I ask my girlfriend if we could leave. 
She can tell something is wrong. 
We exit, get the car and began the drive back to Dallas. 
When I was in junior high and on into high school, I didn't fit in very well. 
I was an academically minded, sensitive, passionate kid that delighted in reading, watching movies, playing chess or studying. 
I played some sports, but not particularly well. 
I grew up in the south where football prowess was valued above all things, but I had none to speak of. 
I very much liked the idea of girls, but had no clue how to actually talk to or approach them. 
I had friends, sure, but always felt like I didn't truly fit in with any one group of them. 
I was insecure ... unsure ... different .... 
I don't know how to feel right now, I said to my girlfriend. 
I feel like I should be wracked with guilt or rage or sadness, but all I feel is nauseous. 
It's possible the hangover was talking, but it wasn't that kind of nausea. 
It was the anxious kind of nausea where you're terrified of what might happen next. 
The initial shock was too deep to comprehend. 
Surely my father was mistaken, but of course he wasn't. 
He wouldn't have called and said those words unless they were 100% confirmed. 
This thing has happened. 
Now there is only the dealing with it. 
How can I possibly make sense of something so senseless? 
How can someone with such a verve for life have taken his own? 
How could this have possibly happened? 
What had changed that caused this? 
Keith was, in many ways, the wacky uncle of the family. 
He had a penchant for stamp collecting -- so much so that he ran his own stamp collecting store for a time. 
He smoked exotic Dunhill cigarettes from a gold cigarette wallet. 
His fashion was slightly disheveled, featuring many tucked-in shirts without belts, socks with sandals or the occasional fanny pack, but always distinctly Keith. 
He delighted in literature and music, especially when it came to writing and reciting his own poetry -- something he did with great frequency. 
Poetry slams were one of his favorite pastimes, and I had the pleasure of attending multiple readings of his throughout the years. 
In the times we spent together, which weren't all that frequent, he would push me to read this book or that, read this poem or that, watch this movie or that. 
Many times, those suggestions were a little off the reservation for my tastes, but more often than not, he connected. 
Fahrenheit 451. 
Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance. 
Jethro Tull's Thick as a Brick. 
Frank Zappa. 
Walt Whitman's Leaves of Grass. 
Some were great pieces of literature or musical artists I would come to enjoy. 
Others were earth-shattering works of extraordinary genius that would change my life forever. 
My girlfriend is driving us back to Dallas as I oscillate between anger and sadness ; mostly though, I'm just racked by disbelief. 
I knew he had battled demons for much of his childhood and adolescence, but it seemed to me like he had a hold over those factions within his life. 
Sure he overdrank at a family function here or there, but that's far from unique ; I 've certainly been guilty of that before. 
How could I have known that for him, it was an indicator of a much deeper problem festering within his mind? 
Keith and I spent the majority of our times together on family vacations. 
My maternal grandparents, generosity epitomized, took our nine-person family on collective vacations every other year from the time I was 14 until very recently. 
Keith and I did much of our bonding during these excursions. 
When I was 16, we went to Disney World for spring break. 
I distinctly remember discussing the intricacies of Thick as a Brick and the nature of quality as it relates to Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance, one of our favorite books. 
We stayed up until 3 or 4 in the morning in the throws of philosophical curiosity and discussion. 
We were outside on the back porch so we wouldn't wake the rest of the family and so he could smoke those Dunhills to his heart's content. 
It was one of those nights in which you're so excited to explore a deep, philosophical question with a like-minded person that you don't want it to end, even though you 've circled the same concepts multiple times. 
I remember another family vacation in which we rode the transcontinental railroad from Calgary to Vancouver, Canada. 
Keith was struggling mightily because he wasn't allowed to smoke, even between the cars. 
He was not prepared for the dearth of nicotine he would have to endure during those long days aboard the train. 
I remember standing with him in the dining car trying to take his mind off his addiction. 
From what my family said, it helped him get through the ordeal. 
I certainly hope so. 
At that moment in my life, I was about to complete my master's degree in journalism. 
My final project was finished, but I still had to defend it to my thesis committee. 
This was meant to commence four days from when I received my father's call. 
I started to worry about the possibility of having to postpone the defense in order to attend the funeral. 
I might not graduate on time now. 
And now something I could have never predicted could derail everything. 
The more I think about this, the more and more guilty I feel. 
What kind of monster thinks about this when confronted with a death in the family? 
What kind of agony are his wife and daughter going through? 
And I'm thinking about how it might inconvenience me? 
This makes me feel even worse than just the knowledge that Keith is gone. 
Am I a bad person? 
Or is this response normal? 
I have no clue. 
How could I possibly know what's normal in a situation like this? 
How could I ever predict or prepare for this possibility? 
One of Keith's chief eccentricities, his tendency to recite his poetry aloud, often to unsuspecting crowds, rubbed off on me. 
While it might have made my life in high school a little harder, I started to write my own poetry due largely to his influence. 
He pushed me to explore my thoughts and feelings through the written word. 
He would nudge me onto stage at poetry slams he'd taken me to. 
I started to develop my voice and flex that particular muscle, even though it might not have been valued nearly as much as football muscles in my hometown. 
Much of my early work was crap, but Keith pushed me to keep writing. 
He pushed me to read it aloud to an audience, because that act forced you to hone your craft. 
Nothing makes you work harder to improve your work than the thought of a judgmental audience on the other end of a recitation. 
In one of my family's favorite movies, Finding Forrester, one of the lead characters, a world-class author played by Sean Connery, says writers write so readers can read, disdaining the concept of reading prose aloud. 
While I agree with him when it comes to novels, I disagree with the sentiment when it comes to poetry. 
Poetry is a spoken medium. 
Sure the words are written and printed on a page, but they're meant to be spoken aloud by an impassioned orator. 
To read your own poetry allows you to connect with the emotion within the words you penned. 
It forces you to confront those feelings. 
If it doesn't feel right or honest or natural in your reading, you 've gotten some of the words wrong. 
So you go back and work some more on that poem. 
You use feedback from yourself and your audience to make your words better, truer. 
I remember being somewhere in Scandinavia on a family cruise vacation. 
Keith and I were exploring one of the cities at night. 
On a cruise, cities have a tendency to run together in your mind because you're in one for 12 hours before moving on. 
Anyway, we were in a Scandinavian city, and he was looking for somewhere to slam poetry spontaneously -- something he liked to do in foreign countries. 
We step into a coffee shop, and post up at a table in the corner. 
It's quiet but lively. 
People are working or chatting with their friends, but in hushed voices, respectful of the other patrons. 
Keith, a deep lover of strong coffee, buys himself a cup. 
We sit at the table and he takes a few sips, steeling his nerves. 
I can tell he's trying to work up a bit of courage. 
A few sips more. 
I'm watching him amp himself up internally, getting ready to start speaking. 
Now he's second-guessing himself. 
He's thinking. 
A few more sips. 
Then, all of a sudden, he's calm. 
His facial expression changes from questioning to confident. 
The moment had arrived. 
He stands. 
Keith erupts in a torrent of words -- loudly. 
He's entranced, passionately reciting one of his poems from memory. 
His eyes are closed as he shifts his weight from side to side, or back to forward. 
He bends his knees to emphasize a line or a specific word. 
His hands are gesticulating wildly, but in keeping with his words. 
He's building to the climax of the poem and getting louder, more effusive, more passionate. 
Despite the occasional look of confusion or incredulousness, the patrons have begun to pay attention. 
Many of them may not have spoken English, but they understood what he was saying. 
You could feel his emotion in how he spoke. 
You could sense the importance of this moment for him. 
He's almost yelling now. 
Everyone is watching him, ensorcelled. 
His intensity is palpable, his emotions deeply in tune with the source material. 
He delivers the climax, and there isn't a person in the café who isn't paying attention. 
The climax over, his voice begins to soften. 
His intensity fades as the poem wanes. 
He bows his head as he reads the final words. 
It only just now occurs to me that he has no idea how the audience is or is not responding -- he hasn't opened his eyes yet. 
It's in that moment that I realize it doesn't really matter. 
This reading is about him -- his words, his feelings, his need to express himself aloud. 
He opens his eyes, slowly panning his head up to see the crowd. 
Immediately, a few people begin clapping. 
Quietly at first, but growing in vigor and volume. 
As more people realize his recitation was finished, they begin clapping too. 
Within 30 seconds or so, everyone in the café is applauding him. 
There were times when you could tell Keith was half-assing a reading. 
He would say the words, but you could tell he wasn't fully invested in what he was saying. 
He slammed poetry every single week, and even the most fervent devotees will have off nights. 
He was locked in, giving it his all. 
Everything he had was coming through in his words. 
You could tell he was focused ; you could tell he needed the release. 
Then it was my turn. 
How could I follow that? 
As it turns out, the answer was poorly. 
I recited one of my poems and received some polite applause, and it was a great experience, but there was no competing with Keith that night. 
That moment is how I will choose to remember him. 
It's a snapshot of him at his truest. 
Everything about that experience was undeniably Keith. 
From the love of foreign countries to the coffee to the spontaneous poetry slam -- to me, those are the things that defined him. 
Yes he was a husband and a father and a teacher and so on, but to me, this is what he was. 
We get back to Dallas, and I call my parents. 
They have more information now. 
Apparently Keith had called his daughter Emma to say he was leaving. 
She had no idea how he meant that word. 
He left two letters, one to his wife Karen, one to Emma. 
His wallet, keys and rings were in a pile when Karen came home. 
He owned a family heirloom pistol, and it was no longer there. 
She immediately filed a missing person's report, but the police were unable to find him that night. 
Karen called her brother-in-law the next morning to find his brother. 
He did. 
Keith had trekked into the forest behind their house and shot himself. 
Keith wasn't a great poet ; he wasn't the second coming of Walt Whitman. 
But he had moments of brilliance. 
His masterpiece, I Steal Pencils, is one of my favorite poems, full stop. 
It headlined his book published under the same name. 
Yevgeny Yevtushenko is one of the most influential Russian poets of the 20th century. 
He loved this poem so much, he invited Keith to Russia to recite I Steal Pencils on Russian television for the poet laureate's birthday. 
Of this poem Yevtushenko said, it deserves to be included into any anthology of contemporary American poetry. 
I fly into Little Rock early Tuesday morning and my mom picks me up at the airport. 
It's weird to think I haven't seen my whole family since Christmas, four months before. 
I hate that this is the reason I'm home. 
A few hours later, my sister and brother-in-law walk into my parents' house, 20 minutes late as usual. 
We pile into my mom's car and start the hour-long drive to Hot Springs. 
My father is at work and will be joining us that afternoon. 
We talk about many topics, most of which aren't related to Keith, passing the time during the drive. 
I breathe deeply and try to compose myself. 
There's no telling what the mood will be like inside, and I need to be a source of comfort and strength for any that should need it. 
I walk in the door and hug my grandfather. 
My grandmother hugs me next, and there was something more in her gesture. 
She squeezed a little tighter, held on a little longer. 
I could tell she was saying to me, you know we love you right? 
Don't you ever do something like this ; too many people love you. 
She didn't actually have to say any of those words, I could feel it in her hug. 
Karen is remarkably composed when I see her. 
I spot her at the kitchen table, standing up to come hug us too. 
I'm walking toward her and her eyes begin watering immediately. 
The repercussions of his choice just became fully real for me -- it's been all too real for Karen. 
Seeing the sheer anguish and unadulterated sadness in her eyes slams home like a sledgehammer on my chest. 
I'm using every bit of strength and grit I can muster not to break down. 
She needs me to be strong, and so I shall be, but dammit it's hard. 
We're sitting around the kitchen table making small talk. 
Every 20 to 30 minutes Karen will rehash some element of his suicide, retelling parts of the story. 
She has repeated herself a few times, but it doesn't matter -- whatever helps her cope. 
The tension in the room instantaneously thickens. 
This is far beyond awkward ; this is painful. 
The friend didn't mean it as a slight, but it still cut deep. 
How could it not? 
This isn't a movie ; this isn't someone else's life ; this is not a dream ... We won't wake up from this tomorrow morning. 
This is us ; this is our family ; Keith did this thing ; and now we have to live without him. 
On his body, he left another note asking that we not have a service for him. 
He said he felt like he was a burden on those he loved, and the last thing he wanted was to burden them further. 
But funeral services aren't for the deceased, they're for the ones left behind. 
Most of my family and our closest friends are together now. 
We drive to the funeral home and pull around back to the family entrance. 
We walk inside and stand patiently as everyone files into the sanctuary. 
The hallway smells of musty smoke emanating from the soiled clothing of our extended family. 
There's a lot of camo and cargo shorts, two things you wouldn't expect at a funeral, mixed in with the traditional black suits and dresses. 
Even though I might have escaped this state, there's no denying we're back in Arkansas. 
As we're milling about, waiting for things to kick off, in walks a tall man wearing blue jeans straight out of the eighties. 
He's sporting a dress shirt, a black tuxedo jacket with full tails and a grey top hot. 
He strides up to Karen deliberately and hugs her in earnest. 
As I'm watching this moment unfold, I see that he has a small satchel slung over his shoulder hanging low about his hip. 
I recognize it straightaway -- it's Keith poetry bag. 
The sanctuary is chock full of friends, family and his former and current students ; it's time to begin. 
We, his family, enter last, filing into a special area of the sanctuary not in view of the main room. 
We take our seats and music begins playing. 
I won't describe every moment of the service, but suffice it to say there were beautiful moments and some moments Keith would have hated. 
But, it's not about him anymore -- this is about us. 
Everyone seemed to enjoy the service as a celebration of his life. 
The highlight by far was the reading of I Steal Pencils. 
I 've heard Keith perform that poem a dozen or more times. 
I know where he puts his pauses, when he chooses to run a sentence on, when he gets intense, when he's more playful ... I can see him and hear him performing it in my head right now. 
It would not befit his memory should someone butcher the performance of this poem in this moment. 
The man in the top hat, Bud Kenny, started the weekly poetry slam in Hot Springs, which Keith attended weekly. 
For more than 25 years, they had a poetry reading every Wednesday, making it the longest running reading of its kind in the country so they claim anyway. 
He too has seen Keith perform I Steal Pencils countless times. 
I exhaled as a wave of calm cascaded over me -- the poem was in great hands. 
At the appropriate time, Bud, with his signature long strides, moved down the aisle with purpose. 
He got to the lectern and delivered a few remarks about a memorial reading for Keith later that week. 
Then, it was show time. 
Bud said to us he wasn't going to perform it as Keith did -- that would be folly. 
Surely no one could perform it as well as the poet himself. 
Bud channeled Keith. 
Every place Keith paused, Bud paused. 
Every period Keith ran through, Bud ran through. 
The intensity matched. 
The playfulness matched. 
Even the line about the truckstop bathroom walls, when Keith usually chooses to keep reading even as he's running out breath, using his abs to force the words out as his lungs fail him? 
Bud read it just so. 
It was truly beautiful, and it was a beautiful tribute to my uncle. 
What I 've learned throughout this traumatic experience is that life goes on. 
We cope in whatever way we can, and we trudge on. 
For those like Karen and Emma, it might take months or years to cope with this loss. 
For me, to fully process this, I needed to write about it. 
I know many people are enraged by the choice Keith made, and they have every right to be. 
But for me, I'm just sad. 
It saddens me that he struggled with depression as much as he did. 
It saddens me that I didn't know about it. 
I second-guess myself, wondering if I could have spotted his distress and done more to help him. 
Would one more 3am conversation about Thick as a Brick or a moment of distraction from his nicotine addiction have saved him? 
What could I have done differently that might have prevented this? 
Of course it doesn't work that way. 
Depression is a disease and Keith lost his battle with that disease. 
I don't see Keith as selfish, I see him as sick -- his sickness just won out in the end. 
That's not to say others don't feel differently. 
He might very well be selfish, but that's not how I choose to remember him. 
I choose to remember his words. 
I choose to remember how he impacted my life. 
The other thing I learned throughout all this? 
Legacy matters. 
What you do in this life echoes throughout eternity. 
The lives we touch, the work we do, that's what people remember us by. 
The people we impact carry us onward. 
If you're lucky enough to be a writer, a poet or an artist, your work can live on after you pass ; Keith's most certainly will. 
But to me, Keith's legacy goes beyond that. 
When I was struggling to find myself as a young man, Keith helped me find my voice. 
He understood the isolation I felt while in high school. 
He knew what it felt like to be different. 
He empathized with a sensitive, passionate kid who loved reading and writing because he too was a sensitive, passionate kid who loved reading and writing. 
As I tried to find my way in this world, Keith pushed me as a poet. 
And while I 'll never write poetry professionally, I credit him with planting the creative seed that would eventually lead me to journalism. 
Of course he wasn't the only one who contributed to that choice, but without his influence, I would not be where I am today. 
As a final tribute, I stole a pencil at your funeral. 
I couldn't really think of a better way to honor your memory, and I knew you would approve. 
Its words won't be trapped or lost ; it's graphite shall not become a quadratic equation. 
That pencil will become my words ; I hope those words bring you happiness. 
In 2003, inspired by the Scandinavian coffeehouse incident, I wrote the poem I'm most proud of. 
I was a junior in high school, and it actually won a regional poetry competition, thus becoming my first publication. 
And while it's no I Steal Pencils, I think Keith would be proud of it. 
Forever more, this poem is dedicated to you, Keith Franklin. 
I hope it too becomes part of your legacy. 
I think that would make you happy ; it certainly would make me proud. 
Goodbye pencil thief. 
You will be missed. 
Fail is and should NOT be viewed as a dirty word. 
A word that most people would shun and rather sweep it under the carpet. 
Learning to fail is not an easy task and I just realise, up till today, I still need to learn how to fail. 
It is not just failing but how to fail graciously without blaming the whole world for your failure. 
Very often, as parents, we feel the pain when we see our children fail. 
As much as we know we should not, we still want to help them to avoid failing ; to shield them from the harsh reality and to avoid the pain and shame that are sometimes associated with failure. 
However, the earlier they are exposed to failure, the faster they learn how to pick themselves up. 
It sounds cruel but that is reality. 
The best way to experience failure is through sports. 
When you participate in competitive sports, there is a high chance that you will need to fail first before you succeed. 
We hear many success stories of World Class sportsman who will tell you that no matter how talented you are, it is still 99% hardwork to get you to where you are. 
Failing should always be viewed as part of a learning process and failing is very humbling to one's ego. 
Only when we experience failure, we will then not take our success for granted. 
There are many lessons to be learned from failure. 
First of all, we learn how to pick ourselves up. 
Just like a baby learning how to walk, the baby will try a few times and even falling many times before taking that first step. 
Hence using the same analogy, when we embark on a new task, new job, new sports or new appointment, we may not succeed at the first try. 
If after failing once, we stop trying and tell ourselves that this will not work, then we have failed to learn. 
Secondly, failure builds resilience which is an important quality to have. 
We want to build that quality from young so that the young will grow up to be able to deal with whatever life throws at them. 
Resilience will see you through the bad times and make sure you come out stronger. 
Last but not least, it takes a lot of courage to face up to our own failure. 
It is our choice on how we want to deal with it. 
We could wallow in self-pity or we could face it squarely and reflect on how we can avoid failing a second time. 
More importantly, when our children fail, we can use the opportunity to teach them to pick themselves up from where they fall and encourage them to strive harder to overcome their failure. 
Also, we have to learn that our failure is, more often than not, due to our own behaviour, attitude or aptitude. 
We should not be over-protective towards our children and tell them otherwise. 
The best way to help them is to teach them to address those areas of weaknesses and work on improving them. 
Therefore, in life, we need to learn to fail, to take failure in our stride. 
Otherwise, we would have failed to learn. 
Change the story's title and subtitle as neededHow the label of Down Syndrome keeps us from understanding the people who have itGeography meant that cousins Lani and Alyssa weren't close as kids. 
They met a couple times as teenagers, and most recently at their grandmother's 90th birthday bash. 
Lani remembers Alyssa as chatty and confident, but they were still essentially strangers. 
Later Lani realized how many assumptions she had made about Alyssa because her cousin has Down Syndrome.Lani wanted to investigate those assumptions. 
Being a photographer, she reached out to see whether Alyssa was up to being the star of her own documentary. 
I remember seeing a tweet with an image of a person with Down Syndrome wearing a shirt that said ` Relax, it's just an extra chromosome, ''' says Lani Holmberg. 
That sparked the idea I suppose. 
I was interested in exploring empathy, stereotypes, and photography, so starting with myself seemed like an honest thing to do. 
If I could be open to exploring narrow-minded assumptions I had myself, then I thought there might be some power in that. 
I hoped others might be able to do the same. 
Visits were planned by text. 
A train ride followed, a knock at the door, a hug hello. 
For six months Lani trekked from the Melbourne suburbs to spend a few days with Alyssa. 
They hung out as cousins do, sipping cups of tea, watching soap operas, taking buses to football matches, and hitching rides to parties.Sometimes Lani pulled out her camera or recorded a conversation. 
Between the chores and TV and dinners she got to know Alyssa. 
Down Syndrome became just one difference between two people who have so much in common.Those shared six months became And Holland Has Tulips, a flowing and immersive confluence of imagery, narrative, and audio please go check it out as it's very different than simply seeing the photos on their own here. 
In it, Lani walks us through Alyssa's life as well as her own experience learning to find the person hidden behind a label.Lani grew up over 150 miles north of Melbourne in Kerang, a rural community of a few thousand people. 
She remembers the surroundings of childhood as flat, dry, salty and uninspiring. 
She also remembers Brian who lived near her high school and also had Down Syndrome. 
I felt sorry for him, she says. 
I certainly didn't see him as someone behind that label. 
I remember feeling a bit panicked if I said hello in the supermarket, or at the playground or something, and he didn't respond or couldn't understand me. 
I didn't know what to do. 
Tulips is an attempt to confront that discomfort head on. 
Nothing was off limits from the very beginning. 
Alyssa, her mother Lois, and her sister Carly, were completely open with both their home and their lives. 
It was Lani who had a hard time operating at first, too uncomfortable to ask certain questions or shoot certain things. 
Worse still was that whenever Alyssa surpassed Lani's expectations of what someone with Down Syndrome can do, that painful lump in the throat, the awkwardness and shame, returned. 
Every time I was surprised by something Alyssa said, I would catch myself and ask, ` Why are you surprised', says Lani. 
Most times it was because I underestimated her ability to think something through, to perceive something so accurately, to describe her own emotions. 
That happened less and less as I got to know her more, but in the early days she continued to challenge assumptions I had about her. 
There was plenty of opportunity for Alyssa to prove herself. 
Three days a week she stays home to allow Lois time to work. 
Carly uses a wheelchair and requires constant care. 
Hanging out with the sisters showed Lani the ins-and-outs of their routine, a strict schedule which gives Tulips its shape.The conversation between chores showed who Alyssa is as a person, and her amicable nature chased the lump from Lani's throat. 
Down Syndrome turned out to be just one facet of Alyssa, mixed in with caring for Carly, gossiping about friends, crushes on actors, and the little disgruntlements everyone has. 
This experience has been more about understanding and respecting difference and disability, but not letting it get in the way of connection or getting to know someone, says Lani. 
In many ways this story is not one about Down Syndrome, it's about what we have in common. 
All of our human elements -- love, family, struggle, joy and loss -- that, once identified, allow us to see beyond labels. 
Twice a week Alyssa goes to work -- one day at Kmart and the other at a hair salon. 
Getting out of the house allowed Lani to see how the outside world perceived her cousin. 
Strangers fumbled exactly how Lani used to. 
Sometimes strangers would glance at me to see if they should be speaking to me or Alyssa, like if we were buying movie tickets, or topping up her phone credit, says Lani. 
Particularly if there was a minor misunderstanding, the explanation would be given to me instead of Alyssa. 
In those little glances, those moments of uncertainty, I saw my own discomfort, that lump in my throat, reflected right back at me. 
An uncertainty about how to communicate with someone with Down Syndrome. 
The decision to visit for several days at a time over the course of months gave Lani a lot of flexibility. 
The household routines established the narrative themes she wanted to use, and knowing what to expect allowed her to fill in the gaps to flesh out those themes. 
She could also experiment with mediums. 
After shooting Alyssa helping Carly to bed several times and feeling static photography couldn't pull off the experience, she started using video.There was a ton of material. 
Lani knew early on that she didn't want Tulips to be a digital photo book, but sifting through the photos, videos, and audio she also knew a lot would have to be excised. 
The story is quiet and too easily lost in a glut of media, so Lani tried to emphasize pacing and flow as she pieced everything together. 
Like a well-timed pause when delivering a talk or a piece of music, I wanted the story to have places to sit and breath in a visual way, to let the reader consider their own reactions to Alyssa and her story, she says.Alyssa unknowingly became a collaborator with the story's design ; her diary inspired the episodic form of Tulips, conveying the monotony of the family's routines but leaving room for special occasions and Lani's thoughts. 
George Hiley and Bretton Bartleet were tapped to help with the site's backend, which not only meant that everything was coded correctly but also gave Lani people to bounce ideas off of.Once everything was laid out Lani sat around the dining room table with Alyssa, Lois, and Carly, and they slowly went through everything. 
They lingered here and there to talk about things, stopped to laugh and stopped to cry. 
Lani had been nervous about sharing the work, especially her writing. 
It was difficult for me to explain to Alyssa that I had underestimated her but it was important to do so, says Lani. 
I thanked her for teaching me and letting me tell her story. 
Since the project was specifically designed for online Lani has no immediate plans for a physical exhibition. 
She does want to continue documenting her cousin. 
Alyssa and Carly may not be able to live at home as they get older, and Lani's become interested in issues of independence for people with disabilities. 
But she has a more immediate project lined up. 
I am planning to make a book with Alyssa, she says. 
She doesn't use the internet at all so as much as she loves Tulips, it's not something she can show others easily. 
Same goes for her family. 
Her Aunt Julie printed off all the text and images to make a book for Grandma Ethel and my heart broke! 
Here was this very personal story documenting their last six months and they can't access it easily. 
So Alyssa and I are going to hand-make a very small run for friends and family. 
It's a nice way to keep the project going for both of us. 
Right now Lani has started researching a story on young girls who are abandoned on the outskirts of Kolkata. 
She's been able to return to India once and thinks this will be her next big project, but she also has a part-time job to work around.Relying on photography for an income can be tricky, so Lani's satisfied to take things slow. 
She rides her bike from home to the office to the studio.After years of avoiding the place, she's also visiting her parents in Kerang, and finding the peace and quiet, the comfort and familiarity, much more enjoyable then when she was growing up. 
And she's slowly learning more about her family and relatives she never really knew. 
I'm very slowly working on a personal project with, and about, my grandparents, she says. 
Lois's stories about my maternal grandfather really intrigued me, I realized I knew very little about this man who died when I was a baby. 
I'm interested in trying to piece him together through existing images, footage and stories of others. 
This article's use of Down Syndrome instead of Down's Syndrome is based on the guidelines of the National Down Syndrome Society.All photos and video by Lani HolmbergIf you enjoyed reading this, please click Recommend below. 
I'd like to share a story that spans a few generations. 
It's a tale that is both personal to me but universal to many. 
It helps explain my lineage, my livelihood and our American culture. 
The story starts with an orphaned five-year old boy named Saul that immigrated to America at the start of the 20th century. 
Saul rode the waves of the Eastern European migration right up to the shores of Ellis Island. 
He eventually landed in Peabody, Massachusetts in the care of relatives from the old country. 
There's no Facebook timeline that we can swipe through to fully appreciate Saul's upheaval and adventurous journey. 
Yet, it's easy to realize that Saul's American tale is a remarkable one. 
Despite growing up without ever knowing his real birthday or without even a faint memory of his deceased parents, he would grow rich in family, wealth and love. 
He would go on to create successful businesses, employ hundreds of workers and be the patriarch of a large family. 
But as a kid, he was just trying to make it in America. 
Saul was small in stature, with fiery red hair and an even more fiery personality. 
He quickly learned how to get by on the streets. 
Saul would find all sorts of odd jobs -- including selling hot dogs and peanuts in the bleachers of Fenway Park to make ends meet. 
The way Saul truly assimilated in his new world was through sports. 
Sports allowed Saul to prove that he belonged in this new country. 
Saul played games like stickball with a broomstick and those pink Spaulding bouncy balls, stoopball, slapball and Kick The Can with other kids in the neighborhood. 
He would jump rope and double dutch. 
New derivatives of sports especially baseball turned into street games dependent on whatever equipment and street space could be secured. 
Kids were left unsupervised and organized on their own. 
They competed. 
They had fun. 
Later in life, Saul would fondly reminisce -- to the horror of his terrified grandchildren -- about schoolyard bullying and sports games that turned into fistfights. 
To him, it was simply a right of passage that taught him valuable life lessons. 
Saul would love sports throughout his life. 
He would move to New York City and fall in love with the Brooklyn Dodgers. 
He would read the newspapers from back to front and followed all the major sport headlines. 
Later in his life, Saul would pick up golf as a way to enjoy his time. 
Perhaps the most important role sports would play in Saul's life would be as a way to connect and enjoy the time spent with his three children and six grandchildren most were better athletes than Saul! 
. 
Saul's first son, Howard, was born in 1945. 
Howard grew up with the comforts of a loving family in an upper-middle class Long Island suburban neighborhood. 
Howard made friends easily. 
After the school day would end, Howard and his pals would ride their bikes to Waverly Park or gather up in the schoolyard to choose up teams and play whatever sport was then in season. 
On the weekends, Howard would play on organized sports teams with a parent in the role as team coach. 
The town parks department or local Y loosely organized these recreational leagues. 
In 1957, Howard played one season on an organized Little League team in which he received an actual uniform and games were officiated with real umpires and official rules. 
Howard was also fortunate enough to go away to summer camp in the Catskill Mountains. 
There, his days were filled with sports and activities. 
He played hardball, basketball, touch football and lacrosse. 
Howard would play on the school teams at Lynbrook High School. 
In 9th grade he was a three-sport athlete in football, basketball and baseball. 
He excelled atBaseball and was a top starting pitcher on the 1961 and 1962 Lynbrook High School Baseball teams. 
His career highlights was throwing two no-hitters -- performances that were good enough to get his name in Newsday. 
Howard saved the game balls as mementos and to this very day has them displayed on his bedroom dresser. 
Howard's biggest thrill of all was when Saul would have a catch with him or be able to attend his sports games and watch him play. 
Howard recognized that his fastball wasn't quite as fast as it needed to be to play college baseball at Bowling Green State University. 
Instead he played on sports teams with his fraternity or informal pick-up games at the student rec center. 
As Howard's began his professional career, working with Saul, his sports career took a back seat. 
He did find some time to play basketball at the local JCC ask him about ballin' with Phil Jackson and would join a few softball leagues over the years. 
These days he has is an avid golfer with a 14 handicap and prides himself for never taking a private golf lesson. 
Howard's first and only son Brian was born in 1981. 
Within a few years the world would learn that there wasn't all that many fast twitch fibers dealt out to Brian from Saul and Howard's DNA. 
Brian was born a sports nut from the start. 
That was most definitely in his DNA. 
He played every sport imaginable. 
When he wasn't outside participating in sports he was glued to the television enamored by professional sports. 
What he lacked in natural athletic ability he made up for in passion, practice and decent coordination. 
Brian started to play team sports in his neighborhood as part of the Great Neck Police Athletic League. 
His parents signed him up for just about everything -- soccer, basketball and baseball. 
Howard was often the coach or the assistant coach for Brian's teams. 
In elementary school, Brian would get dropped off at school early to attend gym classes called provided by the school called Befores that preceded the normal school day. 
After school, he took private tennis lessons and attended golf clinics. 
When there was no organized activity, he would gather up with other kids in the neighborhood at parks or in driveways to play pickup sports games. 
In the summers, Brian would go to specialty sports camps in Long Island at places like Hofstra University and Lutheran High School. 
The only summer camps he wanted to attend were those that emphasized sports first. 
Brian dreamed of being a pro athlete but learned his limitations early when he started trying out for the town travel teams. 
These teams played more games and competed in special tournaments. 
Brian didn't make the cut for the soccer team but played on basketball and baseball travel teams. 
The basketball team was part of the Long Island Catholic Youth Organization CYO. 
In the summer of 1994, Brian played on a newly formed club baseball team that played 50 games between July 4th and Labor Day. 
The excitement of playing at this level of intensity soon subsided since he couldn't crack the regular starting lineup. 
He restlessly spent summer Saturday afternoons in the dugout bench eating sunflower seeds. 
Brian started playing scholastic sports in the 7th grade at Great Neck North Middle School. 
He played Soccer and Baseball. 
He would continue those sports throughout high school making a cameo appearance as a bench warmer on the JV basketball team in 10th grade. 
He gave up on soccer when he realized the benefits of being a backup keeper wasn't enough incentive to do all that running in practice. 
His biggest baseball highlight was hitting his one and only Home Run in the final at-bat in his last game. 
It's his # 1 childhood sports memory that, decades later, still elicits complete joy. 
Brian would also work for the Great Neck PAL as a part-time job. 
He started as a referee and then moved into an administration role. 
He learned how much sports matter within the community and would write his college admission essay about his experiences organizing sports. 
Still, it was hard for him to rationalize why so many parents acted so irrational and immaturely about sports. 
Brian's fastball wasn't nearly as fast as Howard's and the start of college marked the end of his organized playing career. 
He wouldn't play a team sport again until he rediscovered recreational softball and basketball leagues in New York City in his mid 20's. 
This next chapter has yet to be written but Brian is both excited and anxious for it. 
He can't wait to start a family and introduce them to the joys of sports. 
But he also recognizes that the way sports are organized within communities continues to shift. 
Brian hopes team sports will be a positive experience for his children just like it was for him. 
He wants sports to instill values around sportsmanship, teamwork, determination and resiliency. 
He wants sports to be a way to build character and a healthy way for everyone to learn what's inside each of us. 
Brian finds it hard to imagine that he may be consumed with wins, losses and how far his children will advance in their sports careers. 
He wants them to have coaches that can teach them that while sports is just a game it is also symbolic of so much more than just a game. 
He wants their sports lives to be about them -- not about himself. 
Brian worries about today's prevailing sports culture and the psyche of most parents. 
Parents care. 
They invest their time and money in their children's sports lives. 
According to one study, parents spend more money on youth sports than college savings. 
Youth sports have become an industry in which parents spend thousands of dollars for their children each year. 
Amateur sports is now a profession for many people including Brian who want to combine their passion with their career. 
The evolution of youth sports isn't necessarily good or bad. 
But some of the trends are disturbing. 
Sports participation is declining rapidly and becoming far more specalizied. 
Other types of digital experiences video games, mobile games are capturing kids' time and attention in the way that sports always had. 
Kids are quitting sports at higher rates than ever before. 
That idea wouldn't make much sense to Saul or Howard. 
But, this chapter is still being written. 
There are forces at work creating more satisfying and gratifying sports experiences for everyone, everywhere. 
Technology, software and data can and will be leveraged to enable sports. 
That's a goal worth scoring. 
Over the last decade Brian's been working to ensure that amazing sports experiences will be as available and valuable as it has been in the first three chapters of this story. 
Brian, and the team at LeagueApps, are determined to make it happen. 
They 'll be led by their core values like sportsmanship, passion, results, grit, teamwork, striving to be difference makers and being students of the game. 
They didn't have to learn these values at LeagueApps -- they were instilled with them growing up playing sports. 
I was always so clear in my support of Do Not Resuscitate orders and euthanasia -- a certainty established when I was 17 facing what should have been a paralyzing decision to remove our mom, the center of our world and joie de vie, off of life support. 
She was in an irreversible coma caused by sudden acute leukemia, and the hospital legally maintained her life support for 48 hours. 
Then it would be up to the seven of us kids to decide her fate. 
Luckily, the universe pretty much decided for us, given that fateful day fell on our deceased dad's birthday that also happened to be their wedding anniversary. 
The Seven basically created the most perfectly timed reunion of soul mates in Heaven. 
Today, my 53 year old brother, Kevin, will awaken from his second brain surgery, this time to remove a cyst and fluid in the spot where his initial cancerous tumor was removed two months ago. 
Like before, we wait and see what version of Kevin appears. 
The frustration is maddening. 
He was doing so well after that first surgery. 
In mere weeks, he was able to regain some semblance of normalcy -- remembering most of the words to his beloved musicals, mocking himself as he struggles with routine tasks like turning on the stove, and even joining his motley crew of friends for happy hour down at the harbor. 
We all chime in chorus in between laughs as he excitedly sings favorite songs from The Simpsons ... Who needs the Kwik E Mart? 
I dooooooo. 
Adding to his old raucous humor coming back was an angelic presence that awoke from his first coma. 
Kevin was now a man so exuberantly loving that he would leap into our arms to squeeze us and tell everyone how much they mattered. 
His joy of being alive was electric and contagious. 
Visitors poured into his apartment to experience this magic, as laughter and singing spilled into the rest of the complex. 
It's been a peculiar, dual-world balance we 've walked the past two months. 
And it was thrown off this week as Kevin's own balance suddenly deteriorated. 
An MRI revealed a cyst and fluid on his brain that needed immediate surgery. 
He was going downhill fast. 
After last night's surgery, the neurosurgeon laid out the prognosis. 
This type of cancer will not go away, and for every one lesion removed, hundreds will come back. 
We were told that continuing radiology and chemotherapy treatments will only prolong his life a few months at best, and he will still need additional surgeries and claustrophobic MRIs that terrify him. 
The alternative is to cease life-sustaining treatment and instead focus on comfortable pain management for his final few weeks of life. 
Therein lays the decision before us, as siblings, to determine for our single and childless brother if he isn't cognizant enough after he awakens from his post-surgery coma to decide for himself. 
Do we keep fighting no matter what, or surrender to quick but peaceful closure? 
Kevin was always clear in his opposition to needlessly prolonging a terminally declining existence. 
However, the past two months were a picture perfect model of a man driven to keep improving, as he would give us spirited reports about how much better he's been getting day after day. 
I think he's gotten as much of a kick out of this new Kevin as have we. 
My planner mind knows it's advisable and wise to have living trusts with such end of life wishes clearly laid out. 
But my Kevin-filled heart is realizing that until we are faced with the toughest of life's choices, these plans should just serve as guideposts. 
We were tired. 
It was a long day. 
We decided to take our daughters for a surprise afternoon trip down to Disneyland. 
They love that place more than anything any of us have ever loved in our lives. 
Our visits to Disneyland are usually magical. 
We vowed to never take preschoolers, and yet, somehow, we have been there 4 times in the last year. 
This trip was different. 
The drive was an unusually brutal two hour journey that got us there in the late afternoon. 
Also, it was our first trip to Disneyland using a wheelchair for my oldest daughter. 
She was born with a condition called Arthrogryposis, which requires that she wear braces in order to walk. 
She enjoys walking but she's been recovering from major surgery and wasn't allowed to walk much over the last three months. 
This was also our first trip to Disneyland for our youngest daughter's prosthetic leg. 
She was born with a condition called Amniotic Banding Syndrome, which left her without a usable right foot. 
Thanks to surgery in December, she was now running around with her new Robot Leg, as it's called in our household. 
Our arrival at Disneyland began by trying the monorail for the first time. 
Let's just say that our oldest daughter let the whole monorail know that there was no part of the journey that she enjoyed. 
She used to like rides, but, with each trip, we learn a new ride that she never, ever, never, ever wants to go on again. 
She is currently non-verbal so it's not always easy to surmise why she doesn't like something. 
We just know that she doesn't. 
Luckily, we know she loves live shows and parades, of which there are plenty between Disneyland and California Adventure. 
After one challenging monorail ride, we arrived just in time for Mickey's parade. 
Both our daughters LOVE the parades with an unbridled passion. 
They had fun. 
Here's a video of my youngest enjoying the Pixar parade a few months prior. 
I got pushed over and over by an older woman with an obvious space issue. 
My wife kept pulling the partition rope out of my daughter's mouth. 
We separated after the parade so my wife and youngest could run to meet Tinkerbell a new favorite. 
Sadly, Tink was done for the day. 
Later, as they dashed off the train, my daughter's robot leg fell off, surely scaring the bejeezus out of the lady who couldn't help but point at it, not knowing what to do. 
Meanwhile, my oldest and I weren't really feeling the Tiki Room. 
We crossed over into California Adventure for dinner. 
Everyone was growing tired, and we really hadn't accomplished much. 
Neither of our daughters wanted to eat dinner. 
Our oldest just wanted to dance to the 50's music playing at Flo's Cafe. 
Our youngest scaled the booth and tried to make a break for it countless times. 
She has an amazing spirit, which can light up a room, but it can also drive a grown man insane when all you want her to do is eat a stinking' apple slice. 
Everyone was exhausted. 
Well, mostly mom and dad. 
There was no magic happening on this trip. 
We ended the night in my oldest daughter's favorite area of the park. 
It's the lobby of the building that houses the Sorcerer's Workshop, Animation Academy, and Anna and Elsa's Royal Welcome. 
The lobby is beautiful and open and has giant monitors on every wall that play classic Disney music while showing film bits and concept art from their films. 
My daughter loves leaning against a wall, since standing in one place is difficult for her, and shaking her rear end to the music. 
This lobby is a must on every visit to California Adventure. 
My wife and oldest daughter arrived before me. 
I was stuck in Cars Land trying to calm our youngest who was having a tantrum about Lightning McQueen. 
When I arrived, my wife said that some of the employees in the lobby asked her if my oldest wanted to meet Anna and Elsa. 
My wife said no as our oldest usually doesn't express interest in live characters. 
Of course, our youngest is IN LOVE with anything Let it Go oriented, as she calls anything having to do with that movie, but we hadn't arrived yet. 
Another employee asked if my oldest had a favorite character. 
When my wife pointed at her Sully shirt from Monsters Inc., he returned with a drawing of Mike and Sully for her. 
It was such a nice gesture. 
As time went on, we started noticing that the guests in the lobby were getting less and less and the employees were getting more and more. 
One friendly and quite energetic employee, started pretending to be a monster and running around with my youngest. 
Suddenly, it became clear that we were the only guests left in the lobby. 
A manager approached me and said We didn't want your daughters to leave without having a magic moment. 
There's someone who'd like to meet them. 
The manager then brought out Anna and Elsa. 
My youngest MELTED as if she were a teenager at a Beatles / Backstreet Boys concert combined. 
She literally hid her head in my wife's lap because she didn't know what to do with herself. 
I 've never seen her so happy. 
Anna convinced her to take her hand and come dance with her. 
At first, she was hestitent, but soon, she fell under Anna's spell and began giggling and dancing. 
And, a few minutes after that, she became her typical self once again and was bossing around Anna, telling her where to go and when to dance. 
While the two of them danced, Elsa walked over to have a conversation with our oldest. 
We explained that she wouldn't reply back but Elsa continued to speak to our daughter just like we do. 
She may not reply but that doesn't mean she is not worthy of our words and attention. 
It can be a challenge just to get my oldest's attention. 
Especially when the giant monitors are playing the lantern scene from Tangled one of her favorites. 
Soon, Anna came over to join them. 
Anna and Elsa were both amazing as they kept asking my oldest questions to see if they could get her to participate, but she just wanted to stay at the wall dancing to the music. 
The princesses made a breakthrough, though, when they decided to all dance together. 
Elsa twirled her beautiful skirt, and my oldest lit up in a way you rarely see. 
Magic was truly in the air. 
For ten minutes, on that day, a day that was not the best day at Disneyland, my family had one of the best moments of our lives. 
Four months ago, both those little girls were in casts recovering from major surgeries. 
We had a lot of tough times so far in 2015. 
Those employees had no idea what we had recently been through although, I'm sure the braces and prosthesis gave them a hint. 
I watched my family in that moment and reflected on how far we 've come. 
Eighteen months ago, my youngest was at a orphanage half-way across the globe sharing a crib, not knowing what a family truly was. 
After two big surgeries, she has the mobility that matches her unstoppable energy. 
My oldest has begun to find her own ways to communicate with the world and has gained so much mobility. 
One of the managers came up to me and told me again how much everyone wanted to do this for my daughters. 
I looked to my wife, who never stopped smiling in that lobby, and said You know we 'll never top this, right? 
. 
She said I know. 
We don't have to. 
Soon, Anna and Elsa had to go to feed Sven. 
We thanked everyone a million times and headed out of the park for the day. 
We couldn't stop laughing and smiling. 
We had just received a one-of-a-kind experience. 
What started out as day I kind of regretted ended up as a day we will never forget. 
We are so grateful to those employees for making my daughters feel so special and giving us such a magic moment, and we are thankful that Disney allows their employees the chance to do this. 
They all looked like they were having a blast watch our youngest run wild as well. 
Thank you to the young woman who asked for my camera and took a ton of pictures for us. 
Disney earned a lot of love when we shared our story with our friends and family on Facebook. 
originally published in the Sept 2007 issue of RELAX MagazineIn the town center of Ojai, California, I spot a mom and a teenage daughter walking down the street. 
In colorful garb and matching bandanas, they look like flower children straight out of a Mad Max sequence. 
As they walk closer, I notice they also look preoccupied. 
But I'm in a new town and need to figure out where I'm going that afternoon. 
When I ask them for directions, the daughter doesn't break her frown. 
Chewing on her lip, with a hard look in her eye, she looks lost in her own world. 
16 going on 50. 
What is it, I wonder, that keeps eating at us Americans?Maybe I could start to find out. 
An outdoor bistro patio on Ojai's main drag is where I find myself entering a workshop for the international best-selling author and founder of the self-help process known as the Work.Cold Canyon road outside Malibu, 9:3 opm, two days shy of the end of 2006. 
A red Mustang juts out at a strange angle along the steep, windy pass. 
Ineke van Heijden, vacationing from Europe, arrives first.I was in California for the Work event in Los Angeles and had flown in from my home in the Netherlands. 
Having already attended the School for the Work, I was equally excited to attend this additional New Year's event. 
But I was beginning to feel tired as I drove along the road toward Malibu. 
I rounded a corner.I saw red and silver metal blocking part of the road. 
As I got closer, I could see it was a car wrapped along a telephone pole.As I stopped my car, the very stressful thought occurred to me, I don't know what to do! 
My mind was racing. 
I was in a foreign country, I didn't know the roads, the towns, the conventions, what to do in such a case. 
My heart was praying, hoping there was no one in that car somehow. 
The stressful thoughts were torturing me. 
The urge to run away was incredibly strong.But, I ran down the hill to the car and saw two people inside. 
Though it was dark, 
I could see that it was serious. 
Very. 
There were two crumpled, limp bodies in the seats. 
My reaction? 
Fear. 
Panic started rising.This is real, I thought. 
This accident is now.A BRISK, NO-NONSENSE voice rings out from the microphone. 
I like to say, ` There's nothing you can do to keep me from loving you. 
''' This is Byron Katie.Named an innovator for the new millennium by TIME Magazine, Byron Katie is a grandmotherly woman now in her 70s who travels the world filling requests for her workshops. 
At her events, she takes people through an inquiry process she developed known as the Work. 
We all have hobbies. 
Her hobby is clearing the moldy junk of the mind. 
And I have some questions about all this. 
Others apparently do too -- it's standing-room only at the back. 
I find a stone bench, sit down and take out my notepad to listen. 
I'm very disappointed that a friend didn't show up. 
She just didn't show up to this workshop today, a woman complains. 
I don't know what happened. 
And I'm really ... She shifts in her seat. 
Ok. 
So she didn't show up. 
Alright, now find three genuine ways that it's better for you, for her, and -- for the world that she didn't show up! 
Laughter peals out from the crowd. 
Oh my! 
exclaims the woman, clearly seeing the challenge in the question.Katie as she's known smiles. 
She very much has a baby face. 
I try to remember the last time I saw a baby-faced senior citizen. 
Katie pauses to let the noise die down before continuing. 
Einstein said there was only one important question: is the universe friendly? 
Well 21 years ago I fell into the answer not even knowing there was a question, she says. 
If your friend didn't show up, it's your stressful story about it that keeps you from your peace. 
And again, I invite you not to believe me -- test it for yourself. 
Katie's husband, the internationally-renowned poet and translator Stephen 
A Thousand Names for Joy. 
Today's event is part of the book tour, which 
Times best-sellers Loving What Is and I Need Your Love -- Is that True?Stephen ushers in the passage delicately. 
Before a thought, there's no one. 
Nothing. 
Only peace. 
Peace that doesn't even recognize itself as peace. 
What I know about dying is that when there's no escape, when you know 
that no one is coming to save you, there is no fear. 
You just don't bother. 
The worst thing that can happen on your deathbed is a belief. 
I take this in. 
I'm not particularly enamored of thinking of deathbeds.Next, Katie fields a question from another female audience member. 
What triggers her stress, reports the woman, is a memory of her ex. 
She describes experiencing a lot of bad feelings and turmoil since the break-up. 
Not only was the man emotionally immature and dishonest, she says, but in addition he just treated me horribly. 
My purse spills to the ground. 
Two people lean down to help me quietly 
gather up my belongings. 
A stately woman with shiny eyes and coiffed curls compliments me on my dress.When I tune back in to the event, I hear Katie asking the woman, So, who would you be without the thought, ` He treated me horribly'? 
I realized I had this woman's very same thought. 
Suddenly, I wasn't listening to her answer. 
Instead, it occurred to me that I myself might feel lighter, happier and less eaten-up inside.Katie turns her body toward the audience. 
What I 've found, is when 
you don't believe that negative thought, there's no cause for depression. 
There's absolutely no way to remain depressed. 
''`` For those of you not familiar with the Work, what we 'll be doing here is asking four questions and finding opposites, continues Katie. 
Her attention is back on the woman. 
So honey, what is a turnaround to ` He treated me horribly'? 
After a few moments, the young woman offers an opposite. 
I treated 
myself horribly. 
I allowed him to run all over me. 
I didn't protect myself. 
''`` Yes, that's one turnaround, Katie replies. 
Now can you give me one concrete example of where you treated him horribly? 
The woman pauses, struggles. 
I invite you to sit in it, Katie offers gently. 
See where you treated him horribly. 
Even just in your mind. 
The lady still isn't sure, so Katie moves on, suggesting another route. 
Find one place where he treated you wonderfully, Katie suggests.Another long pause. 
Well. 
He gave me 3,000 dollars for vacation, she finally offers. 
Yes honey. 
You know, this work isn't always easy -- I don't call it the 
Work for nothing. 
After seeing these two people in the wreck, a woman and a man, I ran up the hill. 
In total confusion and driven by panic, I ran to a house I could see in the wooded area and began banging on the door for someone to answer, although I knew there was a good chance they would think I was some sort of crazy foreign person.I began screaming, Help! 
Help! 
It was only later that I noticed I was actually 
yelling, Call 911! 
Call 911! 
A part of me stopped and was observing myself -- how do I, Ineke, know the emergency number in a place I 've never lived before? 
By this time, I was running back down the hill.My urge was to go to the people in the car. 
All I remember is that one feeling: I had to be with them. 
Looking in, I could see no airbags had gone off. 
I crouched alongside them. 
The woman's face was pale and grey in contrast to her blond shoulder-length hair. 
I moved over to the man in the passenger's side. 
He too was listless and fading. 
Both were still breathing, still alive.The woman's breathing was labored and shallow. 
When I placed my hands to support the back of her head, careful not to move her, I felt the blood. 
My hands were red.EVER PASSED one of those beverage distilleries or gotten to tour inside one, say in Milwaukee or Boston? 
Modest-sized plants reveal steam rising from high stacks inside. 
Metal plates move, forming the final spirits.Best I can figure, Byron Katie is some sort of human happiness distiller.Yet before the workshops and the TIME Magazine accolades, the name Byron Katie referred to a psychotically-depressed housewife in the high 
desert of Barstow, California. 
Being a successful breadwinner, and having a husband and healthy teenage kids did little to stave off the vortex of despair growing inside Katie during that time. 
As chronicled in Loving What Is, Katie holed herself up in her bedroom for weeks on end. 
Once there, she would submit only to doing her real estate business by telephone. 
Bathing and brushing teeth simply weren't on the agenda. 
She had become a remote-worker -- in the fullest and most unfortunate sense of the word.In order to avoid her explosions of rage, Katie's children would find themselves sneaking past her door. 
A gun under the pillow was fast becoming her most frequent companion. 
Before long, Katie began buying up all the houses on her block -- in an attempt to make her paranoid thoughts stop torturing her. 
When she finally landed in a halfway house for women with eating disorders her insurance plan wouldn't cover any other treatments, things seemed to get worse. 
Once at the facility, she made such a frightening impression on her fellow halfway house clients that it was voted she be sent away to an attic room.Then something really weird happened.One morning she noticed a cockroach crawling over her foot. 
In that moment, clarity erupted inside her. 
I saw that when I believed my thoughts, I suffered, and when I didn't believe my thoughts, I didn't suffer, she says. 
In later weeks, once home, Katie sat in her living room, and asked herself question after question -- filling entire notebooks. 
Nothing looked the same. 
A new person had appeared in her place.Over time, this seed of strange homecoming developed into a process that would become known as the Work.These days, Katie asks workshop attendees to write their stressful thoughts 
on a small card. 
Then, she offers four simple questions for each thought .1. 
Is that true? 
2. 
Can you absolutely know that it's true? 
3. 
How do you react when you believe the thought? 
4. 
Who would you be without the thought?The final instruction is to Turn the thought around. 
The Work functions on an intuitive level, without right or wrong answers. 
If Socrates met Buddha at a cognitive psychology production meeting, this would be their deliverable.my drive across California to see KatieBack at the workshop in Ojai, I'm told Katie will join me in a few minutes. 
I take a seat inside the aptly-named Feast bistro and reflect on steamed garlic clams versus slow-roast duck confit. 
I learn from Feast that the town of Ojai was portrayed as Shangri-La in the famous Frank Capra movie Lost Horizon.Though Katie glides in to the opposite seat before I have the chance to 
After all, even if I was a total wreck, wouldn't it be cool with her anyway?She's dressed head-to-toe in black. 
A Johnny Cash tune enters my head. 
As I fiddle with my recording device, I sense Katie's polar-blue eyes on me. 
Today we find ourselves attempting to balance modern life and family 
and the demands of the world, I begin. 
And it seems there are a million 
things taking their toll. 
What do you see as the origin of stress? 
I ask.Katie looks me straight in the eye. 
We believe our stressful thoughts. 
We believe thoughts that are not true for us. 
And only then do we 
experience stress -- while we're believing that thought. 
Less than two minutes into our conversation, I'm seeing there's a directness about Katie that leaves no room to hide. 
She continues. 
So let's say for example, I have a thought, ` He doesn't care about me.' 
I have all these images in my head to prove it. 
And stress happens as a result of that. 
However, Katie goes on to explain, when we're thinking, ` He cares deeply for me, he's so wonderful,' we experience something different. 
We still experience feelings, but instead of hurting us, they feel right. 
If we are believing our stressful thoughts, the effect is depression, stress, anger, frustration. 
Everything that is not loving and caring is happening in our mind -- so it shows up in our feelings. 
If we didn't believe those thoughts, we would simply laugh. 
I think back to my life. 
Sometimes I 'll be going through my day and see 
some sort of depressing visual or see myself in a negative light. 
In these 
moments I'm receiving visuals instead of a statement. 
What's the 
relationship between visuals and words for this work? 
I ask. 
Is there a 
way to translate? 
Yes, she affirms. 
Put those images in the context of a story, and go back and journal it. 
Circle the concepts that you 've journaled, question them one by one, and turn them around. 
So it's about identifying the story and questioning it. 
Ok, sounds simple enough. 
But it occurs to me that people have stresses 
and sorrows that they're dead sure about. 
I ask Katie if this work isn't pretty extreme for the average person -- and are some people better served by methods like meditation? 
Yes. 
The Work is very extreme. 
A smile spreads across her face. 
Her eyes dance, mirroring the sparkles on her silk scarf. 
It is extremely extreme. 
We are confronting our whole identity. 
We are confronting the entire world in our mind as we believe it to be. 
So we're questioning the world as we believe it to be and when we do that we lose that world. 
And it leaves us in a state we think we don't know how to deal with. 
But in truth, we know how to deal with it very well. 
Because what we're left with, basically, is ` How can I help?' 
And that's what we love to do, is help each other. 
''`` I can't say what meditation is for others, she continues. 
Maybe it can be about voiding thoughts and sitting in silence and clearing the mind. 
Whereas in the Work I'm inviting people to begin their meditation with ` He doesn't care about me' -- is that true? 
Or whatever thought troubles them. 
And then I invite them to sit in that space, allowing whatever is there to surface. 
So it's more like a guided meditation. 
The question ` Is it true -- can I absolutely know that it's true?' 
is ultimately a guided meditation. 
All four questions are. 
And the turnaround also is meditation. 
` He does care about me.' 
This is allowing those experiences of caring to surface, rather than fighting them away, avoiding them, dismissing them. 
Because as long as we do that with our thoughts, we do it with people. 
They're going to say what we don't want to hear. 
So to work with the thoughts in our heads is to work with the whole world. 
Yet aren't pain, stress, and suffering great muses, great inspirations? 
How will great achievements -- music, art, et cetera -- come into being if there isn't that pain or worry to motivate an individual?Katie tells me that her experience is that each of us creates solely out of 
a clear mind, a free-flowing mind, creativity just flowing nonstop. 
In those moments, she asserts, there is no pain -- there is only art. 
I consider this. 
It jostles very forcefully with the reigning pain-as-romantic philosophy. 
As if sensing this, Katie continues, We don't need pain to be creative. 
In fact, it's limiting. 
If you look at yourself during times that you 've done things that you 've absolutely loved, you haven't been suffering. 
You were free. 
''`` Your mind will answer most questions if you learn to relax and wait for the answer. 
~ William S. BurroughsWhile sitting roundtable with Katie, others arrive to take their seats. 
First is Steve Hardison, a top business and wealth coach whose clients are a Who's Who of the CEO world. 
Tall, sandy-haired and of crisp Mormon stock, you take one look and just know this man was a high-school quarterback. 
Next to him is Melony, a trim and lovely young woman who helps lead Katie's team. 
Bright and affable, she has got to be one of the rare Type-A surfer chicks on record. 
Soon, Stephen joins the group. 
Though he lends a quiet, erudite energy, he appears animated from doing the book signing. 
This is also a man clearly well-versed in scaling back and allowing his wife to shine. 
Must be some fine balance to strike every day.I wonder how children might function in this equation. 
I'm interested to hear from Katie about doing the Work with children. 
Can it help kids with their stress? 
Are they able to understand? 
Oh absolutely, absolutely. 
And it's not in such a formal context with 
little kids, either, Katie affirms. 
They 'll say, ` Nobody likes me!' 
And you say, ` Oh honey, are you sure? 
How does that feel to be so rejected, tell me?' 
That's the third question. 
` Sweetheart, remember just a few minutes ago when we were laughing and you weren't thinking that thought? 
What was that like? 
Look at the difference.' 
They get it so quickly. 
So then the turnaround would be, ` Let's find one person that likes you, ok? 
Let's find one. 
You find one and I 'll find one.' 
They find the turnarounds. 
So children are very good at this. 
Katie is energized on this topic. 
Parents who have the Work alive in them, their children get it. 
Because it becomes part of our language, part of how we talk. 
But we're not giving them the Work, we're simply communicating clearly, fearlessly and openly -- and our children become as clear and open and honest as we are. 
Then they don't have to hide. 
We ask them, ` How do you feel when you thinking that?' 
It's a chance to meet our children to the depths of their soul. 
But we're afraid to hear their pain. 
So we say, ` Oh honey, it's not so bad, here's a cookie. 
Go back to cartoons. 
''`` And then we wonder why they're overweight or just laying around, I add. 
Yes, Katie replies. 
We're afraid to face their pain. 
Because we haven't faced our own. 
So, the Work is the way to do that. 
And Loving What Is is the way to do that. 
That's the text for the Work. 
I call it the book of You. 
And people who will follow those directions, can talk to their children, 
communicate with their children, lower the stress in their own life. 
As we find our own understanding, we understand our children. 
As part of Byron Katie International, Katie and her team offer a longer 
program known as the School for the Work. 
But what is it? 
Katie passes 
one-year anniversary of attending the School. 
Glasses clink all around 
the table.Steve takes a deep breath. 
I took my wife to the School -- and I thought 
it was the most extraordinary experience I 've ever had in my life. 
Just extraordinary in looking at who I am as a human being. 
Learning how to actually increase my personal peace, and to be present with my wife and my children. 
It was powerful. 
In fact, I had such a great experience going to that, that later that same year in October, I took 21 of my clients with me and we spent another nine days in the School. 
That's how good it was. 
''`` And it's early morning to laaaate at night, Katie adds. 
Laughter peppers the table. 
It sounds like boot camp, in a fun way, I add, to more laughter. 
I'm envisioning legions of Donald Trumps dancing in army fatigues on 
a veranda. 
It is, Katie replies. 
In the most amazing, fun way you could ever imagine. 
You know, we are our favorite subject. 
So it's very exciting to break the spell of pain. 
It's difficult to argue with that. 
I love that you say that, I confess. 
I -- I -- feel it! 
I finish, laughing. 
Well, you know, my books are about the Book of You, and my School is about the School of You. 
I love inviting people to start where I did -- on the ground, in the dirt, and to just start from what we're believing -- no matter how ` unspiritual' it may seem to us to be. 
''`` Yea, that resonates with me somehow, I tell her. 
Because here on the 
what it might mean to be Enlightened, yet who knows what that is? 
''`` Well, I can tell you my version, Katie says. 
I bob my head in the affirmative. 
The end of suffering. 
Sanity. 
If someone came up and said to me, ` Katie, 
you're Enlightened,' I'd have no way to know if that's true. 
And to dwell on it would be crazy. 
Because that's just a focus on me, me, me. 
So it's the difference between what hurts and what doesn't -- and to work with what hurts. 
That's the thing: to note the difference between what hurts and what doesn't -- and all of us know that, we all have that, we know. 
So. 
That's what the Work is about. 
Just -- it's for all of us. 
Two other samaritans had arrived on the accident scene, and were asking me questions in rapid succession. 
I told them my name was Ineke and did my best to answer them. 
I noticed in the wreckage that the car's headlights were still on. 
Also, the stereo was still blaring music. 
With a couple clicks of buttons, I turned these off and implored everyone, Please, let's be quiet. 
What I then noticed is that instead of the stressful thought I don't know what to do, I was moving in the turnaround, I do know what to do. 
That meant stay. 
Be the peace.I turned to the people in the car. 
There was nothing labeling, nothing judging the moment. 
I touched each of them, held their hands. 
At some point, I became vaguely aware that the two other bystanders had left.I transmitted to the man and the woman, It's ok to die. 
It was quiet. 
Their bodies were ravaged, almost gone, so I was with their spirits.At another point, colored lights began pulsing. 
The paramedics had arrived on the scene.While I was touching the woman's head in those long several minutes, I was in total connection with her. 
This was my work. 
My body was here to care for the ones whose own were failing. 
The woman was Shari. 
The man was Tom. 
They did not die alone. 
My family and I went to Ile de Re over Easter. 
For those of you who don't know it, it is an island just off the west coast of France near La Rochelle, in the Charente Maritime. 
It is relatively small being only 14 miles long and 4 miles wide and is filled with the most extensive and beautiful network of bicycle routes I have ever seen. 
Parisians tend to flock there in the summer and many of them have second homes on the island. 
It really is the perfect place for a week long family holiday. 
I was worried that the weather would be unfavourable due to the time of year, however, we were blessed with the most fantastic weather, with temperatures rising to 28 degrees. 
We drove over the long bridge which connects the mainland to the island and the minute I saw the long sweeping sandy beaches from the car I knew that my kids would love it there. 
We drove straight to La Flotte to meet the very friendly and helpful letting agent, Alex c/o Artemis Locations, who took us to our fisherman's cottage in Ars en Re. 
The cottage was nestled down a quiet back street only a few minutes walk from the main square. 
We absolutely loved it. 
It was small but perfectly formed with a downstairs living area and two bedrooms and a bathroom upstairs. 
After checking into our place we went straight out to explore Ars en Re. 
We walked through a labyrinth of small streets in the afternoon sun and came across the main square with the most spectacular looking church at its centre. 
From there we walked to the harbour which was small and very charming, sat down at a bar/restaurant at the port and had a drink in the last of the sun. 
We then made our way to a restaurant in the back streets called Le Grenier a Sel which is a French restaurant with a little bit of Asian fusion thrown into the mix. 
The food was delicious, our kids loved it and the staff were extremely friendly. 
I highly recommend it. 
Ars en Re really is a very special place as it has been well preserved. 
It reminds me both of St Ives and Cape Cod USA at the same time. 
It is very chilled out with only a handful of cafes, restaurants, galleries and shops in and around the main square. 
During the high season other seasons times vary a lovely daily market operates a stones throw away from the harbour. 
It sells fresh produce and other items ranging from clothing to straw bags. 
Most of the villages on the island have daily markets in high season. 
The next morning we rented bikes and helmets from the cycling shop Cycles et Peche. 
Various different sized bikes and helmets for kids were on offer as well as trailer carriages for those travelling with toddlers. 
We immediately embarked on our first cycling adventure. 
We decided to go to the Phare des Baleines, the imposing lighthouse in the northern part of Ile de Re. 
We cycled for 1.5 hours through the countryside along beautiful and incredibly well signposted cycle paths. 
Even though you are able to go to the top of the lighthouse we decided not to climb the 257 steps and so we simply viewed it from below ; the kids at this point were more than desperate to go to the beach. 
Conche des Baleines which is located to the right of the lighthouse is a sight to behold. 
It is a large and sweeping beach with pale yellow sand which seems to go on forever with various bunkers from World War Two dotted along it. 
Needless to say the kids had a great time there. 
That evening we drove to the island's capital, St Martin de Re. 
It is a very beautiful walled town which oozes history. 
It has a picture perfect harbour, gorgeous cobbled back streets with various upmarket boutiques. 
The atmosphere of St Martin is markedly different from Ars en Re ; it's like St Tropez without the full on glitz and glamour. 
We ate dinner at a small and lively place on the waterfront called Bistrot du Marin which serves home cooking at reasonable prices. 
After our meal we walked along the harbour front and came across what has to be some of the best home made ice cream I have ever eaten. 
La Martiniere has ice cream parlours both in La Flotte and St Martin which sell a whole array of incredible flavours and is not to be missed when visiting Ile de Re. 
The following morning the sun was shining brightly and the air was reminiscent of those fresh and cool mid-summer mornings. 
We knew it was going to be a scorcher. 
We realised that there was only one thing for it ; to embark on another adventure and cycle 9km from Ars en Re to La Couarde sur Mer. 
I really recommend this route as it takes you through some really gorgeous landscape ; past salt marshes, oyster farms, vineyards and fields. 
We had such a fantastic time cycling on these paths ; it is what all family holidays should be made of. 
When we finally got to our destination we wandered through Couarde sur Mer, which like every town in Ile de Re has it's own unique identity. 
It is a family friendly resort and, although pretty, would not necessarily be at the top of my must see list on Ile de Re. 
The beach at La Couarde, Plage des Anneries, is definitely worth a visit though as it is long and wide with beautiful golden sand which is perfect for playing in. 
We spent the next couple of days doing pretty much the same thing as before, cycling through beautiful countryside, spotting birds, listening to frogs croaking, playing on beaches Plage des Prises being my favourite, visiting markets, exploring villages, eating good food at St Martin and Ars en Re and of course eating lots of ice cream. 
There are plenty of other activities to undertake on Ile de Re such as sailing, horse-riding and fishing, however, I do think that renting a bike on this wonderful island is a must. 
We returned from our holiday feeling totally invigorated and refreshed by our experience and although we were geographically quite close to our home in London we felt like we had been a million miles away ; far away from the pressures and stresses of everyday life. 
We had managed to completely decompress and chill out. 
La Cabane du Feneau -- Ile de Re's best oyster shack which is on the road between La Loix and Couarde Sur Mer 00 33 5 46 30 43 68. 
Opens late April until the end of September. 
Visit in Late May/Early June or September when the weather is warm but the crowds have disappeared. 
This place gets seriously busy in July and August. 
In my experience working with couples and individuals in overcoming concerns about their intimate relationships, there are 3 most common issues that keep coming up for them. 
You are not alone! 
How to Overcome Top 3 Problems in Your Relationship? 
Let's find out what they are first. 
It is followed by the second most common relationship problem, which is sexual problems. 
It can be either no sex in a relationship, poor quality of sexual intimacy, guilt and shame in expressing their love through sexual activities, or different mental blocks that stop them from having the passionate and fulfilling connection their relationship deserves. 
The 3rd most common concern seems to be finding romantic and quality time together as a couple. 
And I mean being 100% present for each other. 
No outside distractions. 
No phones, no TV, no planners ... nothing ... just you two! 
I see too many couples having supper in a restaurant and not even once say something. 
Alternatively, I see couples that do throw a phrase or two during their meal, but the rest of the time is spent on gadgets. 
We tend to have a love affair with our IPhone, Ipads, or tablets more often than the love affair with the person we want and authentically love the most. 
Tweet 
That's the affair we should worry the most about because it's the one that's in your hands. 
It's in your control to make a change and raise your standards for more passionate, playful, alive, and fulfilling love journey with your partner. 
Many of you asked me to provide actual strategies to overcome these problems. 
It is very painful to see that so many couples share these concerns. 
There is nothing more important than having someone who you love, desire, and admire to share your life successes with. 
Without it, our lives have less meaning and substance. 
You know it yourself that experiencing great love and passion allows you to revolutionize every aspect of your life. 
I want to give you a few strategies that you can use to overcome these top 3 concerns starting today. 
I cant stress enough the importance of directing your focus. 
Where the focus goes, the energy flows. 
If you focus on what you don't have, you will never have what you want to have. 
All you will do is notice even small things missing in your life. 
When you focus on demanding love or getting love in your relationship, you unconsciously sabotage yourself by convincing yourself of your enormous efforts. 
It ultimately forces what is missing in your relationship. 
It always vital to start with what you already have in your relationship ... 
Start with honouring your past efforts. 
Then, move into appreciating your everyday experiences of love. 
It is great to know your ultimate goal for your relationship that ignites passion and light in you. 
However, don't wait till you achieve that goal or model of your relationship to invite and experience that level of passion. 
Why wait until you reach that goal to start feeling fulfilled, passionate, loved, or desired? 
EMOTIONS you are LOOKING FOR must be the Emotions you are LOOKING WITH. 
If you noticed that your lover hasn't been expressing a lot of interest in spending time with you or talking to you, ask yourself this question, What is it that he/she likes to talk about? 
and What will the experiencing to be with you look like from your lover's eyes? 
When you have this precious moment to spend with you lover, what do you talk about? 
Do you have an urge to share all your problems, or work projects, or your worries about life? 
It might be a turn off for your lover to be surrounded consistently with negativity and complains. 
Gain this awareness. 
Don't blame yourself, but notice this about you. 
Notice what your lover talks about when she is happy. 
Do some research on that subject. 
Is it sports, politics, financial trading, airplanes, fitness. 
. 
? 
A great way to start these conversations is by going for a walk together, going for a ride, going to the gym, or doing your grocery shopping. 
And talk only about whatever interests or dazzles your partner. 
Through this new connection of love where you start seeing what it is like for your partner, you create more fulfilling and intimate relationship. 
By being that love that shows up through your new understanding of financial markets, golf, cooking or fishing, you will revolutionize your relationship. 
Thank you so much for reading, watching and contributing to the conversation. 
You my make mission in this world worthwhile. 
Don't be such a sourpuss, she scolds. 
Have you ever smoked a doobie? 
she inquires. 
Oh, that is just terrific! 
she exclaims. 
My mom is what I'd like to affectionately call, a super white lady from Palo Alto. 
We 've had our share of differences, from the dramatic middle school years to spats sprinkled here and there, but overall our relationship is solidly loving. 
And while everyone has their own set of quirky conflicts with their parents, mine is that my mother and I are sometimes at odds when it comes to race. 
She's been married to my dad, who's Japanese American, for over twenty years and I came to identify as Asian. 
Primarily because I look it, but also because of who influenced me. 
My Japanese sister, the friends I grew up with and my family history have shaped my worldview to identify more with people of color while I recognize my own mixed-race privilege. 
Yet my mom has had trouble separating how I can be part white, not exactly embracing of it and simultaneously condemn racism. 
Chalk it up to getting older, feeling misunderstood, or that American race relations have tangibly taken center stage as of late, but she has a quick-to-anger tendency on behalf of all the good white folk out there. 
In the aftermath of the violence from Michael Brown and Eric Garner to Officers Wenjian Liu and Rafael Ramo, we tip-toe around trying to make sense of this crazy world together, in a potentially fruitful exchange of ideas. 
If the news is on we both watch it in heavy silence, as if subjects fraught with race are an emotional minefield between us. 
But at some point, she baits me with questions: Did you get stuck in the subway because of those protests? 
Have you heard of Blue Light Week? 
It's a Facebook-driven campaign encouraging people to switch out their porch lights for blue ones to show support for the police. 
I tell her I haven't heard of this but a quick peruse over the Blue Light Week Facebook page reveals a pattern in who's participating: white people in the suburbs. 
She explains she's supporting this because, Bless their hearts, the police protect us, god damnit. 
Her explanation of why she's on the hunt for a blue light is laced with such defensiveness that I hold my tongue to keep any residual tension from seeping into our holiday family time. 
Perhaps some of her weariness is rooted in the years of having to explain our relationship. 
When I was still in a stroller, people would ask if I was adopted from Korea. 
When I grew up, I noticed people staring and dissecting us, and the exhaustion of a repeated and perfected soundbite felt like a chore. 
My mother surely picked up on all of this and like me, grew tired of having to explain and sometimes justify her existence. 
As I 've had to often explain why I look ambiguous or half white and something else, my mother's sensitive heart grew tired of people questioning how I was actually her daughter. 
When I went to college and found a passion for ethnic studies, I had a whole new vocabulary for the things that bothered and unnerved me. 
I began to express what I found offensive about institutional racism, media portrayals or oppressive politics and somehow along the way, she became skeptical of my critique or readings. 
Not because she didn't agree, but because she seems to assume that I 've lumped her in with a collective evil. 
When we talk about racism, we might as well be talking about her faults as a white person. 
While she never denies racism does exist, she does feel the need to defend her own identity. 
And from who? 
The only answer I can come up with is from myself, and my own critical stance. 
While her love for me runs deep, there seemed to be a deep-seated questioning of my views as an ethnic person, especially one that questions a system of privilege. 
She would read my papers and find them fascinating and always follow up with a question: But what's so bad about white people? 
The point was missed. 
After I graduated and moved on to a so-called real life outside of school, we were able to skirt this topic more frequently, which arguably strengthened our relationship. 
I want her to know that nothing's inherently bad about white people. 
But there is something inherently bad about white racism/privilege/guilt and doing nothing about it. 
I want her to know that she is my mother through and through. 
But in my lifetime, I will never be read as white and can not identify like her. 
It doesn't mean that I dismiss her, yet it seems hard to convince her of anything else. 
I reflect back to one movie that we would watch together when I was young -- the 1959 adaption of Imitation of Life. 
A real mood-lifter, I know. 
Highlighting the complicated nature of mother and daughter relationships, the subplot focuses on a mixed-race daughter who passes as white to deny her black mother. 
The mother yearns for her daughter's acceptance ; the daughter refuses until its too late. 
While cinematically dramatic, I began to read it as a lesson to come to terms with our differences sooner rather than later. 
It begged me to remember that physical differences and external cultural mis interpretations can not break the bonds of a familial love. 
That is when you realize race is truly a construct. 
So they all say that a girl's first love is her father. 
Why? 
Probably because he's generally the first guy to hold her and the guy she spends the most time with whilst growing up. 
It's said that this bond is pretty important for her as she then subconsciously bases every guy she meets on what her dad showed her. 
So what happens when this bond isn't great? 
Well firstly, the daughter is either insecure or has little self-confidence and it messes up a lot of things for her through no fault of her own. 
She's either scared of commitment or thinks that it 'll just end badly so won't even take the chance, just to save herself from getting hurt again. 
The scale of it all depends on just how bad her relationship with her dad is/was and how much it effected her. 
It might 've changed over time or it might 've always been like that. 
That gets you 2 very different girls in itself. 
If she's pretty shaken up by it, chances her she's in a shell. 
A very tough shell. 
Kind of like shes put up this 10ft high wall around her. 
It's purely a defense mechanism. 
You 'll never really know why it was ` built' - you can get pretty damn close but she 'll always keep her deepest secrets. 
The worst thing about this wall? 
Eventhough she built it, she has no clue how to bring it down and boy, does this cause huge problems. 
She won't intentionally try to cut you off even if it appears it, she just doesn't know how to react because, to put it bluntly, she has trust issues. 
Yes, ` trust issues' is in inverted commas for a reason. 
That's because they're not really issues, it's almost a defense mechanism again see a recurring pattern? 
. 
Lets bring psychology into this ; in 1958 John Bowlby suggested his ` ASCMI Model Theory' for explaining attachments. 
What we're interested in here is the ` I'. 
The ` I' stands for ` Internal Working Model'. 
This is a template for the child to base all their future relationships on. 
Obviously, this can change as they grow up but it's their first real indication of the world around them. 
Okay, so lets say this IMW is not-so-good. 
Your result? 
A pretty cautious view on the world and people in it which could be to the point of distrust. 
The shell can also cause communication problems. 
She 'll be in a bad mood sometimes and you won't have the faintest clue why. 
It 'll either be be because she's managed to think herself into one surprise surprise, welcome to being a girl or something's actually happened. 
Either way, simply asking her what's wrong? 
is going to get you absolutely no where mark my words. 
. 
Chances are she won't even want to talk about it. 
It's hard to talk about something like that, half the time you can't even phrase words in a way that comes close to how you actually feel. 
Other times she sees it as her weakness and doesn't want to expose herself. 
Give her her space though and she 'll thank you endlessly and try harder to stop letting her emotions get her down. 
Just don't, whatever you do, blame it on her she already does that for herself and doesn't need you to reinforce it thankyou very much or get annoyed at her for it she genuinely tries to deal wit it, I swear. 
If you manage that she 'll love you forever once you 've gotten past the stage of her being freaked out by the fact you have her so figured out, she secretly likes it don't worry. 
Kind of makes you realise the impact one person alone can have on someone's life. 
Someone you consider the world might not be on as a high a pedestal in someone else's eyes. 
Change the story's title and subtitle as neededTen Things You Should Not Say To People Who Are Scared Of BeesBy תמר פיליפ Own work -LSB- CC BY-SA 4.0 http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0 -RSB-, via Wikimedia CommonsMany people are scared of bees. 
And for them, life is full of difficulty. 
They are constantly surrounded by people who are not scared of bees and who are not sensitive to their concerns. 
When dealing with people who are scared of bees, you should modify your behavior and avoid saying the following things: Look out, there are bees!Man, what if a bee got in here?I just found out your house was built on the site of an ancient bee burial ground.I neglected to tell you before you came over, but my apartment is also a free range bee farm.I'd like you to meet my friend Steve. 
He's a dentist. 
And a bee.Wouldn' t it be weird if bees moved into people's empty shoes at night?Hey, your car looks like a bee!Originally published at www.thehowlingmonkey.com on May 6, 2015. 
Change the story's title and subtitle as neededLeaked video of Marvel's plans for Phase Four!Don' t ask how I got this, just enjoy it. 
Yes, breathless Marvel fans, here it is -- a stunning HD version of that blurry trailer that recently leaked detailing the studio's plans for future films in their ever-growing cinematic universe. 
Stop reading now, enlarge to full screen and soak up every glorious frame!Okay, wipe the drool off your keyboard and take a second to collect yourself. 
Ready? 
Now let's get into what this all means for the future of cinema.First up, all those who tweeted they thought they briefly saw Vivian Vaughn on the street from that overhead blimp shot in Avengers: Age of Ultron were right! 
Velvet is alive and kicking in the MCU and set to head up her own film. 
It's likely an origin story, meaning we won't get to see Mandelbrot or Ghor yet, but just the thought of seeing Red Velvet wielding those daggers is enough to thrill any comic geek. 
Already can't wait for 2019! 
It's official! 
That Icepack project Marvel's been developing for over a decade is finally on the schedule! 
No official word on casting, but I'm holding out hope for Jake Gyllenhaal. 
Imagine those steely blue eyes as the freezodium takes over his bloodstream and he screams Cool Down! 
Yes! 
Already hinted at in very small print during the credits of Netflix's Daredevil right after the show's Color Consultant, the Thunder War has begun! 
War Thunder's costume will certainly need updating the last time we saw him, his armor had not only nipples but also a navel and pit hair. 
And the storyline almost assures that we 'll get to see Chupacabra, Night Terror and possibly X-Face. 
One of Marvel's more unusual characters at first doesn't seem like a great fit for a film adaptation. 
After all, a 47-year old mother of three with high blood pressure and a heart murmur isn't everyone's idea of big box-office. 
But throw in unprecedented powers of motivation and mind-control, and you 've got yourself a force to be reckoned with. 
Look for hints teasing a team-up with Kha Rah-Mohl -- a.k.a. the Shrunken Shaman who is possibly getting his own show as part of that four-series deal with Paypal? 
Twin souls united as one powerful being, the combination of Jack Danger and Max Stranger together make one of the most complicated and fascinating characters in the Silver Age. 
Rumor says British heartthrob Derrick Campbell-Mills has been practically begging to play both halves of the duo for years.Vin Diesel! 
Vin Diesel! 
Please let it be Diesel! 
He'd be absolutely perfect as the legendary and fearsome Accountant of the Cosmos, AND he's said in interviews that he's up for anything Marvel asks and that he just likes to work. 
As far as plot goes, some are already theorizing that the character will be revealed as David Stock's father, but real fans know that storyline would conflict with the Audit Crusade. 
I think we're more likely to see Comp fighting Kalculus or maybe even Mr. Fussbudget.I guess the execs at Marvel already know something about the upcoming Icepack: Origins that we don't, because they're already scheduling a reboot. 
Boy, nothing gets past these guys! 
Hard to say which version I prefer, because right now I 've only seen the logos, but Astounding Icepack certainly sounds more fun. 
Once again, call Gyllenhaal! 
Unless he sucked in that last one, in which case, forget it!Of course the immediate question on everybody's mind is: which Judge Judgement? 
Is it the classic Hank Atkins? 
Or will we see the era when Milos Milonas wore the robes? 
Or god forbid the terrible Francis Ducky Templeton years? 
My money's on Milos with a nod to a Hank Atkins predecessor. 
Either way, it 'll be great to see the Mighty Gavel in action. 
Small independent movies can go straight to hell! 
Marvel blockbusters forever!I called it! 
I told everyone this was coming when that leak from A.K.A. Jessica Jones teased a glimpse of a pre-Human Vacuum Derrick Pyle. 
Whomever they cast better sign a contract for at least fifteen films because I'm all in for the adventures of the mightiest and most mysterious orthodontist in Woodside, Queens!Wait a second. 
Red Velvet, Dr. Deception, and now Spatula? 
Is Marvel building up to a team-up of The Detractors? 
Maybe sometime around 2026? 
Sign me up! 
I wasn't planning on accomplishing much this next decade anyway!Of course, real Marvel fans know that the characters of George and Louise Jefferson from the beloved Normal Lear sitcom were first introduced to the world as J. Jonah Jameson's new neighbors in Amazing Spiderman No 135. 
But I 'll bet no one suspected they'd re-join the Marvel universe for a feature anytime soon. 
The bigger question is how does this fit in the greater Marvel story? 
I'm glad they kept the classic logo, but why is it above a planet? 
Are the Jeffersons in space? 
Did they accidentally find their way to the Counter-Earth of Spiderman Unlimited? 
Lotta questions here.Hmmm, it's curious why Marvel would make a solo film of the controversial rabbinical scholar charged by a vengeful God to purge society's sins, particularly when fans are clamoring for a solo of say, The Hulk, Wombat, or Black Eye. 
And you'd think a comic this blasphemous and gorey would have to be Marvel's first R-rated feature, which Disney's been reluctant to try because of the toy deals. 
They shouldn't worry, because I will be first in line to buy bloody shofars for my nephews! 
Mazel-Tov Marvel!Yeah, after that underwhelming Icepack: Origins and that even worse reboot, it's about time we restarted the franchise to finally reflect the dark, gritty feel of the later comics! 
Can't wait to see this new version, which already looks poorly lit, stripped of all color, and full of noisy drone music! 
And forget about Gyllenhaal. 
He never seemed right for the role anyway. 
2023 can't come soon enough!If Guardians of the Galaxy worked, then why not try The League! 
Writer/director Nancy Meyers slaved away developing a version for years that Marvel shelved apparently her vision was not enough space epic and too much rich white people in really expensive kitchens. 
Forget her. 
Marvel doesn't need auteurs. 
The corporate model is doing fine by me!The Penultimates: Before Armageddon -- Part III of IVThe announcement that broke the internet! 
Here's my thought process as those two words hit the screen. 
-- Yes, Oh God Yes. 
Finally! 
This makes up for everything wrong with today's world: ISIS, climate change, income inequality, cops out of control -- all is forgiven now, as long as we're blessed with Marvel's amazing Phase Four finale. 
We 've seen none of these characters yet, so I'm sure they're going to slowly tease glimpses of Fireplace, Rabid Fox, Dr. Funktopus, and Saturated Man as the years drag on, the aches and pains of age become more apparent, and it slowly dawns on me that I 've wasted my life on empty fandom, but who the hell cares because Saturated Man! 
SATURATED MAN for chrissakes! 
-- And that's all before the reveal of the subtitle. 
Holy Christ on a Platter, it's the Before Armageddon storyline! 
That means Sunshower, the Seeker Talisman, Project C.L.A.W. ?!?! 
I may die of anticipation. 
If my loved ones find me dead on my couch, it's not from poor lifestyle choices. 
Trust me, it 'll be from anticipation. 
-- But what's this? 
Fine that it's in four parts, that makes sense -- there's a lot of story there. 
But they're starting with part three ?!?! 
Like Episode IV: A New Hope-style? 
With two prequels ?!? 
Must ... watch ... now ... Want ... more ... -- DC better step up their game. 
I mean, Count Chaos? 
Cro-Magnon Man? 
Really? 
-- Boy, they really hate Namor, don't they? 
-- But what about Phase Five ?! 
WHAT ABOUT PHASE FIVE !?! 
Kamala Harris Aide Accused Of Impersonating Police Officers: An aide to California Attorney General Kamala Harris and two others have been arrested on suspicion of impersonating police officers after claiming to be part of the Masonic Fraternal Police Department and descendants of the Knights Templar. 
California officials say they're taking this seriously and have already contacted Dan Brown to come in and help sort things out. 
Europe's Obesity Crisis Expands to Enormous Proportions: The World Health Organization says that Europe is facing an obesity crisis of enormous proportions as unhealthy diets and physical inactivity inflate waistlines and health costs. 
Of course one could make the argument that they wouldn't be facing a crises of enormous proportions if they weren't gobbling down enormous portions. 
NFL Concludes Patriots Intentionally Deflated the Balls: An NFL investigation has found that it is more probable than not that New England Patriots personnel intentionally deflated game balls to gain an advantage in the A.F.C. championship game last season and that Tom Brady was aware of it. 
Wow, guess I'm too trusting -- I just assumed that Brady's deflated balls were the result of a medical condition. 
