President Obama is set to announce executive action tonight, granting temporary relief to some of the nearly 12 million immigrants who are living in the United States illegally. 
Here's what we know so far: 
1. 
What kind of relief is the president offering? 
Obama's move lifts the threat of deportation -- at least temporarily. 
But it does not provide the full path to citizenship as envisioned under a comprehensive immigration bill. 
2. 
Who is eligible for relief? 
Granting relief to these two groups will still leave millions of undocumented immigrants for authorities to focus their attention on. 
The administration will be issuing new guidance, reiterating that scarce deportation resources should be used for those who pose a threat or break the law, not people who have become part of the fabric of society. 
3. 
Will immigrants eligible for relief under this plan be allowed to work? 
4. 
Can they collect Social Security, Medicare or other government benefits? 
Immigrants covered under this program will receive valid Social Security numbers. 
But that will not make them eligible to claim retirement benefits. 
They are also ineligible for insurance subsidies and other benefits under the Affordable Care Act, which explicitly excludes immigrants who entered the country illegally. 
And they are not required to carry health insurance under the ACA's individual mandate. 
Immigrants granted temporary status under the Administration's earlier DACA policy are generally NOT eligible for food stamps formally known as SNAP benefits. 
Medicaid eligibility varies by state. 
Hospitals in every state already offer labor and delivery services, regardless of immigration status. 
5. 
What about driver's licenses? 
Or discounted, in-state tuition at public universities? 
Those decisions are made at the state level and are not necessarily tied to federal policy. 
For example, the National Immigration Law Center cites at least 10 states that already allow immigrants to apply for driver's licenses, regardless of their legal status. 
Conversely, two states -- Arizona and Nebraska -- continue to deny licenses to immigrants who were granted temporary legal status under DACA. 
6. 
Why is President Obama taking this action now? 
Obama says he would prefer to see Congress pass a comprehensive immigration bill, which would go further and be more permanent than this executive action. 
But the bipartisan bill that passed the Senate in 2013 has languished in the House for nearly a year and a half. 
Obama says that delay has been costly both to the economy and to those who live in fear that they or a loved one may be deported. 
7. 
Republicans have warned Obama not to take this action on his own, saying it will poison the well for future cooperation. 
What recourse do the president's congressional critics have? 
Republican lawmakers argue that the president is overstepping his authority. 
Obama himself took the same position last year, when he told immigration advocates, The problem is that I'm the president of the United States. 
I'm not the emperor of the United States. 
My job is to execute laws that are passed. 
But the White House counsel and other legal experts say Obama is acting within his power to set priorities in how immigration laws are enforced. 
As a practical matter, the courts have generally been reluctant to intervene in turf battles between Congress and the White House. 
Lawmakers could try to limit the president's action, using their power over the government's purse strings. 
But it won't be easy. 
The relief will be administered primarily through the Department of Homeland Security's Citizenship and Immigration Services agency, which is self-funded through application fees and does not rely on annual appropriations from Congress. 
A few hundred hawkers and street vendors gathered Wednesday on the side of a dusty, busy road in the northern Indian city of Gurgaon, a few miles from the capital, New Delhi. 
Some wore black headbands with No Wal-Mart signs. 
Others carried banners that said Stop uprooting hawkers and vendors. 
The crowd of protesters walked down the road to the Indian headquarters of Wal-Mart, located in one of many modern, multistoried buildings. 
They stood outside, chanting Wal-Mart, down, down! 
Wal-Mart, come to your senses! 
Wal-Mart, which opened its first Indian store in 2009, has 20 stores in nine states. 
Earlier this year, it announced plans to open 50 more. 
And the vendors and hawkers are nervous about their livelihoods. 
Our main concern with Wal-Mart and really any of the malls here is that many of them are selling fresh produce, and fish and meat, says Geetanjali Arora of the National Hawker Federation, who helped organize this protest. 
That's really affecting people who earn a daily living selling this. 
Wal-Mart functions very differently in India. 
It is not a retailer but a membership-based wholesale store called Best Price Modern Wholesale. 
It works much like Sam's Club, only the members have to be businesses themselves. 
So in theory, regular folks can't shop there. 
But an investigation by an Indian news website revealed that the stores do in fact regularly sell products to individual citizens. 
So a battle between Wal-Mart and small businesses is shaping up. 
Mom and pop stores, hawkers and vendors remain a big part of the Indian economy. 
Go to any neighborhood in an Indian city and its sidewalks and markets are lined with little shops and vendors. 
And they're worried that companies like Wal-Mart will drive them out of business. 
Wal-Mart recognizes the importance of these stores. 
Part of the company's strategy is to persuade the small businesses to buy their merchandise ... from Wal-Mart. 
So far, the company hasn't done too well in India. 
Some have argued that government regulations designed to protect smaller retailers have kept Wal-Mart from succeeding. 
And as Forbes reported last year, the retailing giant has run into a range of problems, from not having the appropriate licenses required to sell different products to not having permits in place while building stores. 
Ashok Kumar Sahni, who participated in Wednesday's demonstration, has a tea-and-snacks-cart in West Delhi. 
He's been doing this work for over a decade and is the breadwinner for a family of five. 
Sahni, 42, says he has no problems with Wal-Mart per se. 
But his business has suffered since several malls cropped up close to his shop in the past five years. 
He says he used to make between 500-700 rupees $ 8 to $ 11 a day, but these days I hardly have a customer. 
He says people now prefer to eat at malls. 
Many times we go home empty-handed, says Sudha, a 42-year-old widow who sells purses at a market in West Delhi. 
Take this past festival season for example, Diwali. 
We hardly sold anything. 
Everyone ran to malls to buy stuff. 
People going to malls have made it difficult for us! 
She's right. 
This study showed that malls and supermarkets led many vendors and hawkers in Mumbai to shut down. 
Other reports, like this 2008 study, concluded that large retailers like Wal-Mart would initially hurt vendors and hawkers, especially in the vicinity of the big stores, although it argued that the effect weakens over time. 
Right now her 23-year-old son works with her, selling purses. 
Her daughter is in high school. 
I want my son and daughter to get good training for good jobs, says Sudha. 
But we can do that only if we have some money to spare. 
If foreign companies stamp on our businesses, where will we go? 
We don't have any other demands, says Sahni. 
The government can let Wal-Mart and other companies do whatever they want, he says. 
But please don't let it affect our livelihoods. 
That's all. 
That's because one of the agencies listed was the CIA. 
Aftergood, who's a longtime critic of the CIA's aversion to public scrutiny, found that in August, the National Archives had quietly given the agency a kind of thumbs-up. 
The Archive had done a preliminary assessment of the CIA proposal, says Aftergood. 
They decided that it tentatively looked OK, and they were ready to move forward on it. 
The CIA has a different plan. 
It would preserve the email of every employee and contractor for as long as they work there, but destroy all those messages within three years of them leaving the agency. 
The only exceptions would be the CIA's top 22 officials. 
Their email accounts would become permanent documents. 
Consider Edward Snowden, the former National Security Agency contractor who leaked thousands of that agency's documents last year -- and who had earlier worked for the CIA. 
Under the CIA's proposed policy, Snowden's old emails would have been destroyed. 
The whole purpose of requiring the retention of records for a more extended period of time is an acknowledgement that the significance of records aren't always immediately apparent, says Douglas Cox, a law professor at City University of New York. 
And the case of Snowden would be a perfect example of that. 
They didn't ask permission, he says. 
They just went ahead and eliminated these records. 
They will never be retrieved, they will never be reconstructed. 
The CIA stands by its new plan for managing email. 
In a written statement, a CIA spokesperson asserted the agency would move to a standard of preservation that is greater than the National Archives requirements, well above current CIA policy. 
FIFA said Michael Garcia, an American prosecutor, and Hans-Joachim Eckert, a German judge, met today in Zurich and agreed to hand over Garcia's 430-page report to Domenico Scala, the independent chairman of FIFA's financial monitoring body. 
Scala, The Associated Press reports, would then recommend details of the confidential dossier for discussion by FIFA's executive committee. 
That committee meets in Morocco on Dec. 18 for a two-day session. 
Eckert, in a report last week, cleared Russia and Qatar of corruption in their controversial winning bids. 
Garcia criticized Eckert's report, calling it incomplete and erroneous and appealed to FIFA. 
The AP adds: Almajid alleged in 2011 that three FIFA executive committee members were paid $ 1.5 million each to vote for Qatar. 
She was named in a July 2011 statement in which she retracted her claims of corruption but says she was coerced to do so by unidentified Qatari officials. 
You can run. 
You can hide. 
Hell, you can even turn off the lights. 
Do what you want, but this thing will get you ... a complimentary t-shirt. 
Meet the KinectKannon, a semi-autonomous t-shirt cannon that can track your movements, go into night vision mode, and fire t-shirts into a crowd. 
It's like T-1000 ` s dopey little brother. 
Built by Microsoft developer evangelist Steven Edouard, the KinectKannon is largely built up out of store bought parts -- including, as you might 've guessed from the name, a Kinect. 
Add a few heavy-lift servos, some super snazzy solenoid valves, and a few thousand lines of code, and you 've got yourself a robo-cannon. 
All in all, the project cost around $ 2,500. 
Given that this project deals with high-PSI CO2 tanks which will quite happily blow your fingers/hand/face parts off if not handled correctly, this ... probably isn't the sort of DIY project most people should take on in their garage on a spare weekend. 
But if you think you're up to the task, Steven is sharing the source code here. 
The hospitals where my grandchildren are born will be unrecognizable to those we know today ; they 'll be safer, cleaner and more efficient. 
And what is considered world class in 2014 will tomorrow be viewed with the same disdain we reserve for medical practice in the Dark Ages. 
Global healthcare is at a pivotal moment in its history, on a par with Alexander Fleming's discovery of penicillin and Louis Pasteur's groundbreaking work with sterilization. 
As the quantity of data we generate rapidly expands and we continue to develop the computational power to store it, health authorities will be able to gather more information about their patients in a single year than has been open to them in all history. 
Thanks to advancements in data analysis, almost everything that determines our health -- from our individual genetic coding to our particular retail habits -- is becoming knowable. 
With all this information at its fingertips, the medical profession is capable of spotting patterns of disease, gauging the efficacy of treatments and identifying links between causes and symptoms. 
It has long been mooted that healthcare will be among the early big data winners. 
Intel recently announced that it is working with the Michael J. Fox Foundation for Parkinson's Research on a new pilot initiative that is aimed at using data mined from wearable devices to detect patterns in the progression of the disease. 
The data will be collected on Intel's software platform, and analysts will examine it to look for markers of Parkinson's that couldn't be perceived by the naked eye. 
And earlier this year the University of Irvine Medical Center unveiled a radical scheme that is helping to reduce the number of deaths caused by medical error. 
My company, WANdisco, is helping the hospital use big data platform Hadoop to digitally collate, store and analyze all data relating to its patients' conditions in real time. 
Electronic signals sent out by equipment such as heart monitors, ventilators or wearable devices can now be monitored whether the patient is in the hospital, at home or on the move. 
To this end the U.S. is leading the way. 
Across America we are seeing a steady increase in the number of data-driven strategies being implemented -- progress that is transforming the standard of healthcare available to U.S. citizens. 
Many of today's startups are at the heart of the action. 
Jersey City's Medical EMS recently teamed up with Bradshaw Consulting Services to improve the hospital's ability to respond to emergency calls, where a minute can often mean the difference between life and death. 
The hospital now employs a system that collates geographic information system technology, wireless communications and GPS data to help response units arrive at their destinations more quickly, providing the emergency services with real-time analyses about where they are most likely to be needed. 
Response rates now average fewer than six minutes, significantly lower than the national average of nine minutes. 
Before the system was installed, only one in five patients regained a pulse after suffering a cardiac arrest -- today it's one in two. 
Michigan Health & Hospital Association's Keystone Center is now using ArborMetrix's technology to capture obstetrics data and reports at 60 hospitals across the state. 
The group's hospitals are using data analytics to monitor readmission rates for pneumonia and heart failure, identifying patients treated at multiple facilities to more accurately calculate readmission rates. 
This is allowing its members to better understand what they will need to do to improve the quality of care for their patients while reducing operational costs. 
Dating back to the 1940s, the NHS possesses vaults of information that, if centrally stored, could provide British doctors with an unparalleled insight into patient wellbeing. 
Having access to whole-population data, for example, would allow drug side effects to be picked up where they would previously go unreported. 
Used effectively it could revolutionize treatments and help the U.K. take a lead in the bioscience industry. 
The U.K. has the potential to personalize healthcare for every NHS patient. 
The personal data that can risk score every NHS patient already exists. 
And it is already far more centralized and normalized than in countries such as the U.S., giving the U.K. the opportunity to become the world leader. 
Identifying people at risk of becoming ill or developing a serious condition and providing the foresight to prescribe preventive measures is a very real possibility. 
Whereas the U.S. has managed to separate the revelations over spying and surveillance from discussions around big data, many in the U.K. view them as part of the same whole. 
Earlier this year, as a result of widespread public pressure, the NHS suspended its plans for Care.data, a central stash of patient records that researchers said could transform UK healthcare. 
There can be no denying that the timing was unfortunate. 
Calls for Care.data to be shelved increased rapidly as people grew twitchy about data security, while Edward Snowden's revelations about the NSA served as the ideal backdrop for civil libertarians arguing that citizens were signing away their privacy. 
Equally damaging was the way in which the NHS persisted in ignoring this climate of apprehension. 
As newspaper headlines focused on the ongoing fallout from the Snowden affair -- one that soon embroiled the U.K.'s own intelligence service -- homes up and down the country were flooded on a weekly basis with leaflets that focused on how the government was going to access confidential records. 
Only in the small print was it made apparent that patients had a right to withhold their records. 
A much more effective approach would have been to listen to the public fears and explain the life-enhancing implications of data-driven healthcare. 
How many millions could be saved by new treatments? 
How many lives currently cut short could be extended? 
And how many terminal diseases could be eradicated? 
New tech is frequently mocked or feared before, ultimately, it is grudgingly accepted. 
When Bill Clinton introduced his human genome project in the 1990s the initial investment of $ 1 billion from the U.S. government was met with public outcry. 
However, it created a $ 150 billion industry and one of the most important medical breakthroughs of our generation. 
We stand on the verge of an even greater breakthrough on a global scale. 
The more data that can be analyzed, the better the medical insights and the more lives that can be saved. 
In that context, it is everyone's interests for big data to be embraced by the worldwide healthcare community -- and not just the U.S. 
We tend to think of medical progress as something that happens in laboratories, but the reality is that future breakthroughs may have less to do with chance discovery than the systematic analyses of existing data. 
And while these are the early days of data-driven hospitals, the writing is on the wall for healthcare as we know it. 
My mom, ever the scrapbook aficionado, has documented every birthday, Halloween, dance performance, first bike ride and baby eats dirt moment me and my brothers have endured since I can remember. 
She hand-scanned every last one of those hundreds of pictures a few years back and then organized them into neat little labeled folders on her own PC. 
It took me eons to convince her to put it all in Dropbox. 
It's finally all there, but it looks like this: 
Heirloom is a new smartphone app that hopes to change that. 
You snap a picture of your old photos and the app uploads it into a private social network in the cloud that allows you to then share the pictures with your friends and family. 
Trunx is somewhat of a similar idea with the organizing and sharing of photos, but the hook with Heirloom is the scanning. 
It's also a family business. 
Brothers Eric and Evan Owski came up with the idea after Eric's wife complained that there weren't any good scrapbooking apps for moms. 
Evan, a former programmer at TuneIn, worked on the code. 
Eric is Heirloom CEO and handles the marketing end of things. 
Throwback is now a weekly ritual across the web. 
We believe that speaks to the human desire to relive treasured moments from our past, says Eric. 
Yet for many, the process of capturing old prints is clumsy and doesn't result in high quality digital images. 
When you take a picture of a photo, you have to spend a lot of time lining up the edges and cropping if you want a decent scan, explains Evan. 
Our app can take a scan even if the photo is rotated or skewed. 
It will automatically find the edges, correct the perspective, and do a bit of color correction, he tells me. 
Throwback Thursday is a social media phenom, though the brothers maintain that you may not always want to share those precious moments of your chubby former 13 year old self with the world. 
So Heirloom incorporates a more intimate network made just for loved ones. 
Amazon and Google might be chest-thumping about their respective drone delivery programs but the technology is still years out from being feasible in dense urban environments. 
Dr Mirko Kovac, director of Imperial College London ` s current aerial robotics lab, suggests it could be as far out as a decade. 
Flying close to humans, flying close to buildings, flying close to other flying vehicles, and legislation, insurance, air traffic control, all this needs to be sorted before something like this can be demonstrated, he added. 
So central London might not be the best first step ... It's difficult to put a number on it but maybe in a decade we will have commercial drone delivery in cities. 
That's maybe reasonable. 
Kovac added that drone delivery will likely arrive sooner in other types of environments -- principally where there's more room for manoeuvre and fewer obstacles for drones to worry about. 
Drone delivery in other areas such as in developing countries, such as Africa or Asia for example, there I think it's much closer because there there is vast spaces and it could be much more feasible to test and implement something there. 
That is much more close, said Kovac. 
Already you can do 3D mapping of the environment -LSB- with drones -RSB-, with something that is already on the market now -- but the next step is the interaction with an environment. 
So anything that interacts with an environment, like sampling and flight in more constrained environments, like indoors, inside of mines, for examples, making 3D map of the mine structure, or making 3D map of buildings in different ways for the construction industry. 
These areas are much more close. 
Earlier this month Imperial announced it will be building a shiny new drones research facility -- due to open in 2017. 
Costing # 1.25 million to build, the glassy structure will sit atop an existing building on its South Kensington campus so that students and others can peer up at drones being put through their paces and be inspired by the potential of the tech and the research being conducted. 
The drone lab's visibility is absolutely intentional, says Kovac. 
The flight lab will be a very good nurturing ground for actually developing the flying robots. 
We do that already but it will leverage the capabilities we have already now. 
What it will be also providing us with is a very high exposure -- so it will be a very visible VIP type facility that will be very visible and good for visitors and also to see how the research is done. 
The facility will include a glass-walled flight arena for testing drones in the air, a pool where amphibious drones can take a dip, 3D printing facilities to produce rapid prototypes, and an outdoor platform where prototype drones can take to the skies. 
There will also be 16 high speed cameras in the facility to enable 3D tracking of the drones in flight. 
Imperial is not the only university to zero in on drones. 
There are dedicated drone research facilities at several others, including MIT, Harvard and UZH in Zurich, but Kovac said the Imperial lab will offer something different. 
Specifically hybrid drone research. 
What's novel about ours is it allows us to work on hybrids -- so multimodal mobilities. 
So robots that can move in air, on ground, in water, in complex environments, in forests. 
This is something we are focusing on, he told TechCrunch. 
It's the next step for flying robots. 
Given his long view on drone delivery, it's no surprise that Imperial's lab will be focusing its research on other areas. 
Specifically the aforementioned aerial construction inspection and repair tasks, and also on environmental monitoring use-cases such as pollution tracking. 
Currently often samples are taken manually with people in the rainforest or in the sea or on ground so this can be automated, said Kovac. 
This is something we are working on -- how to do that in an automated way using swarms of flying robots. 
This should then make it much cheaper for the operators or the industry to do, and it's a very convenient and safe and quick way to do it. 
There are developments in fuel cells and different types of battery technology that have huge potential. 
The approach we take is that we optimize the aerodynamics of the platform so we use less energy for flight and like this we increase the range and flight direction, he added. 
It's an alternative approach. 
We don't work on battery technology ourself. 
It will look at ways to improve drone aerodynamics by studying biology -- so looking to flying creatures such as birds and insects for inspiration. 
We can look at how nature solves some of those challenges. 
We can look at flying animals, birds, insects, and we can extract the key design principles that they use and apply them to robots to make much better drones, added Kovac. 
Kovac said Imperial is looking for commercial partners for the lab as a way to accelerate marketplace applications of the research -- and is open for collaboration, as he put it. 
The facility is also taking in funding from research councils, and applying for grants -- with Kovac noting the U.K. government is recognizing drone tech as an important area to invest in. 
We have a lot of interest from industry. 
How we do that is we use the London Robotics Network. 
It is a network that I co-founded with an industrial partner -- which is Shadow Robotics -- and Kings College London. 
We came up with this idea to create a network where these kind of collaborations and synergies can be built and executed, he added. 
We are now really looking for ways how to bring this technology to the market together with industrial partners. 
Drones are still very much perceived as being a military technology and only now they start to move into the civil space. 
And there many big companies are now really interested in that and they're investing and exploring, prototyping, starting to adopt the technology slowly. 
But this is really just happening now. 
It's not something that is very established already. 
The potential is now really being only discovered, he added. 
Earlier this year, journalist Glenn Greenwald released a book titled No Place to Hide, chronicling the Snowden leaks, and breaking new ground on the NSA itself. 
The book garnered a grip of positive reviews upon publication, and has a 4.5 star rating on Amazon. 
Not bad, all told. 
But the most recent review of the book is by far the best. 
Hayden Peake, listed by the CIA's website as the curator of the CIA Historical Intelligence Collection, reviewed three books on Snowden for the agency. 
His take on Greenwald's tome -- read the full review here for complete fun -- is accidentally hilarious. 
Greenwald is appalled at the concept implied in the chapter's title and analyzes it with the presumption of illegality while dismissing without comment the intelligence issues that led to its adoption. 
-LSB- ... -RSB- 
Greenwald also ignores other interpretations regarding the legality of the NSA's collection programs -- for example, the views of retired admiral Michael McConnell, former director of the National Security Agency and national intelligence. 
-LSB- ... -RSB- 
Greenwald sums up the common themes of these three books: Snowden's acts were justified because he chose to seek reform of the surveillance state, 248 and journalists have the absolute right to be the final arbiters of what to publish. 
Greenwald's often bitter ad hominem rationale for this is unlikely to be the last word on the subject. 
Bitter and ad hominem final arbiter indeed. 
Actually that would make a great ad for a journalism gig. 
I'm actually quite excited to see what the last word on the subject will be. 
Perhaps Greenwald will see the error in his ways and write a positive, complimentary book that follows the government's own PR-approved narrative, ensuring that he arbitrates nary a thing. 
Earlier this month, Twitter gave the community a preview of upcoming features during its Analyst's Day event where it discussed changes to the platform and revenue streams. 
One of those touted features -- the ability to privately share aka direct message a tweet -- has now gone live. 
Says Twitter, with today's update you 'll be able to share a Tweet privately with any of your followers. 
On the desktop web and in the TweetDeck application, the option will be available by tapping the ... More icon then choosing Share via Direct Message. 
On mobile, including both the iOS and Android application, a long press on the tweet in a user's timeline will offer the option to Share via Direct Message, as well. 
On mobile, private messaging is a growing trend where a large number of apps now offer users ways to communicate outside of the public web or public social media. 
Some even go a step further, erasing messages or photos when the conversation wraps. 
Twitter has been slowly venturing into this area itself, expanding its DM private messaging feature which more recently has added support for sharing links and, as of last winter, support for photos. 
The company has for a long time been incrementally improving DMs via other minor features like the addition of a recents list and redesigned icons, too. 
The changes will be arriving today on nearly all platforms, web and mobile included, and on desktop through TweetDeck. 
TweetDeck for Mac, and apparently -- as no mention was made -- the Twitter desktop app are delayed in receiving the update, however. 
Beats is taking its Solo line wireless, with a new set of Bluetooth cans that match the wired Solo2 almost exactly in terms of external design. 
Surprisingly, they also match their wired counterpart in terms of sound, both when used with the included aux cable with inline remote, and when they're used with the Bluetooth wireless connection. 
And after Beats took its sound engineering back to the drawing board for the Beats Solo2, that means they sound surprisingly good. 
The Beats Solo2 Wireless comes as close to replicating the Solo2 signature design as possible, with just a few fractions of a millimeter different in dimensions due to the need for a battery within the case. 
The mirroring of the design of the two products was intentional, and a desired goal from the start, because Beats wanted these headphones to share all the same traits, except of the addition of wireless functionality in these new Bluetooth versions. 
The retention of the same design is smart not only to unify the Solo product line, but also because they have really top-notch fit and finish to begin with. 
The new design is a lot more visually appealing than the previous Solo, with fewer line breaks and softer angles. 
They're still plastic, and contain little in the way of metal surfaces, but the high-gloss look works well with Beats' bold colors red, yellow, white and blue are options for the Wireless model at launch. 
Solo2 Wireless packs padded cups and headband, and both are soft and comfortable for all-day use. 
They're lighter than the Studio version of Beats' headphones, and the on-ear design will probably be preferable for some. 
They fold up into a decently portable package, and will stow in the included soft case when you want to take them travelling. 
The soft case itself also contains padding, so you can throw them in a bag without much concern about their overall safety. 
Beats has gone from a brand whose headphones I'd never recommend, let alone own myself, to one that is right up there with some of the better general consumer market audio companies in terms of audio quality. 
For them to have accomplished that between a single generation of hardware is impressive. 
What's more impressive is that the Beats Solo2 wireless headphones deliver sound that is consistent regardless of whether you use them wired or wireless, and that in both cases, there's a warmth out of the box that you don't generally get from audio equipment without a decent break-in period. 
There's no active noise cancellation here, but he ear cups do offers a certain amount of passive filtering out of surrounding sound, which is plenty for most use cases. 
The audio also doesn't suffer from any kind of inherent background hiss or static, again regardless of whether you're using either wireless or wired connection. 
The Beats Solo2 Wireless is rated at 12 hours of use on a single charge, and in practice I did get a good amount of listening out of them -- definitely enough for a long day at the office, and for most flights you 'll ever have to take. 
Plus, they work with the included remote cable whenever you do run out of juice, so you won't be left in the lurch. 
For a wireless pair of headphones, 12 hours of continuous use is a very respectable duration, and Beats has also included its LED light indicator to tell you how much batter you have remaining. 
And if you're using them with an iPhone or iPad, there's also a battery indicator icon that will show up in your status bar once you 've paired them with your device. 
The Beats Solo2 Wireless Headphones are the first new hardware from Beats to arrive post-Apple acquisition, but they 've been in development long before the deal came together, and they shared a development cycle with the wired version which debuted earlier this year. 
Beats staggered their launch to make sure the wired version got its own spotlight, and to refine the additional engineering required to make sure the wireless version had identical sound, without any kind of artificial enhancement or EQ trickery. 
Overall, the company accomplished what it set out to do with the Beats2 Wireless -- these feel like they should become the new default option for customers shopping for a pair of on-ear wireless headphones. 
Price is still an issue, as it's a 50% premium over the wired version, but there's a lot more engineering involved, too. 
And thanks to that work, these don't feel overpriced, per se -- the added convenience of wireless features is hard to quantify, but if you're concerned about budget, check out Solo2 or other wired option first. 
Famed turntable brand Technics plans to launch a high-resolution music download service. 
For what it's worth, the service, unlike Neil Young's high-res service Pono, will not hit the states. 
Starting in January, the platform will spin get it? 
24-bit tracks to users in UK and Germany. 
Called Technics Tracks, it's said to be launching with tens of thousands of tracks encoded in 24-bit FLAC. 
This isn't your grandfather's iTunes. 
The high-resolution file format doesn't compress the files in the same way as a traditional music format like MP3 resulting in a better sound quality as long as the song is played through equipment that can take advantage of the larger files. 
Neil Young recently launched a similar service that also offers high-resolution audio downloads. 
Called Pono, the service complements Young's PonoPlayer, a portable FLAC player. 
The last Technics-branded turntable may have rolled off the lines in 2010, but Panasonic announced in September 2014 that it would revive the brand. 
This is clearly part of the larger picture. 
A few months ago, the guys at Seed Labs showed me an Internet of things product that piqued my interest. 
While the product isn't quite fully-baked, it was essentially a low power Bluetooth chip that could fit into any device -- a lightbulb, a kettle, a toaster -- and report, without pairing, to a cellphone. 
In other words you could simply plug in a lamp and your phone would automatically find it and add it to your IoT network. 
It was, in short, amazing. 
The team was quiet for a bit but now they're ready launch a dev kit that lets you and me connect our toasters, light bulbs, and anything else to our phones with an ease that is, in fact, startling. 
Their hardware solution is currently available in a Dev Kit that is available for pre-order. 
Why is this platform interesting? 
In the demo I saw, you could simply plug in an appliance and it would appear on your phone's control panel. 
Unlike systems like WeMo which require extensive pairing or other more techie solutions like Spark, the assumption is you 'll have Seed inside your appliances and they will begin communicating immediately. 
Because of the limited range you won't be able to connect to your neighbor's Christmas lights or TV but you will be able to connect to your kitchen, configure all of the devices, and then start the rice cooker before you come home from work. 
The project is still in its infancy but it's a very interesting platform and, because I 've seen it working, one of the most compelling IoT plays in a while. 
Will it ever make it into production? 
The team, led by Rafal Han, said they are working on appliance partnerships that could lead to some true human-lamp communication in the next few years. 
For example, David Segura, then-CEO of video ad company Giant Media, has told me that Giant's publishers expected to be paid 30 days after a campaign, while its advertisers took 60 days to pay. 
He said that without credit from FastPay, Giant would have had to raise venture funding just to have the cash to deal with those issues. 
Since I spoke to Segura two years ago, Giant Media was acquired by Adknowledge. 
The new funding comes from Oak HC/FT a growth fund from Oak Investment Partners focused on health care and financial services and brings FastPay's total equity funding to $ 19 million. 
A significant amount of FastPay's financing has come in the form of debt, which makes sense -- in fact, given the FastPay model, I asked founder and CEO Jed Simon pictured above via email if he felt conflicted about raising so much equity funding. 
We don't feel there is a conflict because we are not against raising equity, we simply feel that many young, rapidly growing businesses find themselves in a position where they are forced to raise funding too early and for the wrong reasons, he said. 
It is important that entrepreneurs know all their financing options ; in fact, we often work alongside VCs. 
In one of the greatest examples of LittleBits engineering I 've seen in a while, maker Sean Ragan made a little box that reminds you to take objects when you leave the house. 
You can place anything inside it -- glasses, a wallet, your pills, the skull of a marmot -- and it will ring a bell if you pass by it without taking the item out. 
You can pop over here to read the instructions on how to build your own DLHWI Machine or just watch Sean's fun video, above. 
Either way, I suspect we all need this box in our lives and I also suspect we 'll all throw it against the wall once it reminds us with a shrill ringing noise one too many times. 
It is an epidemic or, at least, it's a very common, Hansraj told The Washington Post. 
Just look around you -- everyone has their heads down. 
An adult's head weighs about 10 to 12 pounds. 
According to Hansraj's research, which will be published next month in Surgical Technology International, tilting the head forward just 15 degrees can increase the force on the cervical spine to 27 pounds. 
And at 60 degrees -- the common texting posture seen on sidewalks, metros and office hallways everywhere -- the stress on the spine can hit 60 pounds, thanks to the forces of gravity. 
People spend an average of two to four hours a day with their heads tilted over reading and texting on their smartphones and devices. 
Cumulatively this is 700 to 1,400 hours a year of excess stresses seen about the cervical spine, Hansraj's study reads. 
GoPro fell more than 9 percent today, after it priced its secondary offering at $ 75 per share, a discount to its market price. 
The company ended regular trading today at $ 71.74 per share, or a several dollar negative delta to the proposed price. 
The company will sell 1,287,533 itself, while prior shareholders will sell 9,072,967. 
Underwriters of the sale may purchase 1,554,075 shares as well inside of a 30 day period. 
So, dilution to GoPro investors won't be too heavy, but certainly seeing current shareholders get rid of more than 9 million shares worth -- at the proposed $ 75 price -- $ 680,472,525, doesn't inspire confidence. 
In fact, you almost wonder why the company is raising new capital for itself at all. 
GoPro ended its last quarter with $ 237.7 million in cash and equivalents. 
The proposed sale of new equity would add just under $ 100 million to its accounts. 
GoPro has had a wild ride in the public markets since its debut. 
Priced at $ 24 per share, the company has traded as high as $ 98.47. 
You can see the spikes and declines here: 
The legislation, proposed by Utah lawmaker Marc Roberts, is due to go to the floor of the Utah House of Representatives early next year, but it was debated in a Public Utilities and Technology Interim Committee meeting on Wednesday. 
The bill, H.B. 161, directs municipalities like Bluffdale to refuse support to any federal agency which collects electronic data within this state. 
The NSA brought its Bluffdale data center online about a year ago, taking advantage Utah's cheap power and a cut-rate deal for millions of gallons of local water, used to cool the 1-million-square-foot building's servers. 
Roberts' bill, however, would prohibit the NSA from negotiating new water deals when its current Bluffdale agreement runs out in 2021. 
The law seems like a long-shot to clear legislative hurdles when Utah's legislature re-convenes next year, but Wednesday's committee hearing was remarkable, nonetheless, says Nate Carlisle, a reporter with the Salt Lake Tribune who has waged a fight with the NSA and Bluffdale officials to determine how much water the data center is actually using. 
What's noteworthy is no one on the panel said: ` Hey, wait a minute, we can't do this,' he says. 
They had some specific concerns about the language of the bill, but there was no outright opposition. 
Instead, they simply listened to testimony on the NSA and Bluffdale's support of the center. 
I just don't want to subsidize what they're doing on the back of our citizens, Carlisle quotes Republican Representative Roger Barrus as saying during the meeting. 
Utah has a long history of disputes with the federal government, but this is the first time Carlisle remembers anyone proposing to cut off water to a federal agency. 
I think it's representative of an attitude change in Utah that the bill is even being discussed, he says. 
CGI is wonderful and I love it when excellent animators use it for their films but there's something about the ol' trusty pen and pencil way of hand drawing even if it's not done with a pen and pencil that always makes me smile. 
It's like doing things simpler is sometimes better. 
This hand drawn animation is a trailer for Big Hero 6 and it was made by Tekken to promote the movie in Japan. 
I haven't watched the real movie yet but I wouldn't mind watching a full movie of this hand drawn version at all. 
So. 
Many. 
Passwords. 
With. 
So. 
Many. 
Stipulations. 
-LSB- Truth Facts -RSB- 
For more than 20 years Paul Merton has been keeping us entertained with his quick witted comments and slightly surreal humour. 
But he describes himself as having been a shy child. 
He accepted a ` Just a Minute' challenge from BBC Breakfast the team. 
His topic - Breakfast. 
Microsoft previously announced that Windows 10, its next operating system, will contain a single app store that will work across device classes. 
Don't make the Lord of the Rings joke. 
The company also previously promised that organizations will be able to curate their own app experience for their users. 
Today, it announced that a Web-based store will be an option for companies that want control what apps their employees, say, can install. 
Apps that are assigned to a user will be up for installation with a single click. 
This is a play towards the heart of large, enterprise customers. 
Offer IT folk new tools, and you might get their attention. 
If you buy your own computer, this won't impact you, but it could make Windows 10 more appetizing to large enterprise customers that shunned Windows 8. 
Microsoft is currently rolling out updates to its first Windows 10 preview, aimed at large clients. 
A consumer preview is expected to land in January. 
Microsoft is in a tough spot -- most large companies are moving to Windows 7, or have already landed on the operating system. 
Windows 7, about to be two generations old, only has so much life left in its support calendar. 
If the company can't get those customers onto Windows 10, it will face another Windows XP-like situation, with a large chunk of the world running an operating system that it no longer updates. 
Not so good. 
So Windows 10 matters. 
It will take more than Web-based app stores to get large clients to hop aboard, but the promise may help. 
FEATURED IMAGE: NICOLA! 
/ FLICKR UNDER A CC BY 2.0 LICENSE IMAGE HAS BEEN MODIFIED 
What counts as excessive? 
Less than you might think. 
Women who consume eight or more drinks per week are considered excessive drinkers. 
And for men, excess is defined as 15 or more drinks a week. 
The researchers defined a drink as just 5 ounces of wine, 12 ounces of beer or 1.5 ounces of spirits. 
So, say I have a smallish glass of wine with dinner most nights of the week. 
Then I go out on Saturday night and have a cocktail and a beer, or maybe more wine. 
Does this means I am drinking excessively? 
And, from a health perspective, the more people drink to excess, the higher their risks. 
Brewer points to a host of diseases that are linked to excessive alcohol use over time. 
This could include breast cancer, for example, liver disease, liver cancer, heart disease, to name a few. 
This means that despite drinking a lot of alcohol, they don't experience withdrawal symptoms when they stop drinking, nor do they report an increased tolerance for alcohol. 
There are several other criteria for alcohol dependence as well. 
The findings are based on survey data from the National Survey on Drug Use and Health. 
About 138,000 participants were asked a series of questions about their drinking patterns and alcohol dependence. 
Researchers acknowledge that some participants could have underestimated their consumption or dependency. 
But Brewer says it's important to understand that the excessive drinkers who are not alcohol dependent are unlikely to need addiction treatment. 
They may also respond to interventions such as increased alcohol taxes to drink less. 
Google's Project Loon, the company's effort to deliver Internet access from balloons that travel around the world in the stratosphere, continues to make strides toward a commercial launch. 
A few days ago we heard that Google will launch a test with Australia's largest telco provider Telstra next month and today, Google released a bit more info about the state of the project. 
Its balloons, for example, can now stay in the air up to 10 times longer than when the project started last year. 
Many now last over 100 days -- and some even up to 130 days. 
In total, the balloons have now flown over three million kilometers though this one, which apparently crashed in Africa a few days ago, probably didn't make it quite as far. 
Google also says that it has gotten much better at steering its balloons. 
By constantly computing thousands of trajectory simulations it turns out we can get pretty close to our targets, the Loon team writes on Google + today. 
For example, one flight came within 1.5 km of our target destination over a flight of 9,000 kilometers, purely through predicting and sailing with the stratospheric winds. 
Google also says it has developed new equipment to inflate its balloons. 
It now only takes about five minutes to get a balloon ready for launch and the company says it can launch up to 20 balloons a day now. 
As Google X's Astro Teller told us earlier this year, Google plans to partner with telcos on this project. 
This means Google isn't buying spectrum itself, but it will work with existing providers to give them access to its balloons and they get to use their licenses to transmit from the stratosphere. 
The project may have indeed looked a bit crazy in the early days, but Google is obviously dedicated to the project and it's clearly making progress right now. 
Flickr today is expanding its Wall Art print service to include access to images from Flickr's licensed artists and Creative Commons. 
The expansion comes only a month after the launch of Flickr Wall Art, which initially allowed users to turn any of their personal photos into canvas prints. 
Flickr also previously launched a photo book service, again for personal photos. 
The changes come at a time when Flickr has been ramping up its competition with challengers like 500px, the Andreessen Horowitz-backed photo community and marketplace which had been describing itself as the Flickr for pro photographers. 
The idea was that Flickr, having been abandoned at Yahoo for too long, had made it possible for other startups to come in and profit where Flickr had stagnated. 
In recent months, Flickr has been making moves to better compete, however. 
In addition to its photo books and personal Wall Art, it also announced an updated licensing program that allowed pro photographers to get their work featured on news sites, including Yahoo properties. 
And now it's broadly expanding its Marketplace, offering consumers the ability to buy Wall Art in sizes ranging from 8 ″ x10 ″ up to 20 ″ x30 ″. 
The company is still offering two styles, Premium Photo Mounts printed with professional grade paper and mounted with 1 ″ wood-textured edges ; and Gallery Canvas Wrap, stretched across a traditional 1.25 ″ wood frame. 
Premium Photo Mounts are now starting at $ 49, while Gallery Canvas Wraps are starting at $ 29. 
The work of Flickr's licensed artists will start at $ 59 and $ 35 respectively, a 20% premium. 
Users looking to buy professional prints will be able to choose from 50 million Creative Commons licensed photos, or a hand-picked selection of premium prints from Flickr pro photographers. 
A GIFT14 coupon code is offering a 40% discount up until Dec. 23rd. 
According to Rajiv Vaidyanathan, Director, Product Management at Flickr, those whose works are for sale through the new service are being invited in by Flickr. 
It's not broadly available to just anyone looking to sell. 
He says the company is searching for images that match what the market is looking for, and is launching today with eight main categories of prints for things like landscapes, animals, abstract, and more. 
There are no subcategories or ways to narrow down selections at this time, but that could be something Flickr has in the works. 
The company has been developing image recognition technology that could play a role here, as well as in surfacing photos across its site. 
Today you 'll see the image recognition technology improving the search experience in the Creative Commons category. 
And as Flickr integrates those search capabilities into the Flickr Marketplace, the search enhancements will improve categorization and discoverability moving forward, a company rep tells us. 
Some Flickr users have been uncomfortable with the way auto-tagging has been implemented, saying that it had been turned out without users' knowledge or consent, and was not offering an opt-out. 
Of course, users' photos set to private would not be surfaced in searches just because they were automatically tagged. 
Early this year, Dropbox threw a glitzy launch event for its new photo storage and viewing app Carousel, and people went right on using the dozen other ways to keep and comb through memories. 
Despite Dropbox's 300 million users, it saw less than a half million downloads on Android, and has hovered around # 350 on the iOS photo app chart, falling out of the top 1500 apps overall less than two weeks after launch. 
But Dropbox needs photos. 
They're one of the most common file types people store in its cloud, and have the emotional value that people will pay to keep safe. 
Dropbox can ill afford Carousel's failure. 
So today it hopes a repolished and newly multi-platform Carousel front-end will help it fight iCloud, Google + / Drive, Flickr, 500 Pixels, and the rest for photo storage on the backend. 
Carousel is all about combining photos on your device with all the ones you store up in Dropbox. 
The auto-saved cloud photos are supposed to load just as quick as the local ones, and they can all be rapidly browsed through using a carousel style wheel that lets you whip back to a specific point in time. 
A messaging feature lets you instantly send big sets of photos or videos to friends that would have taken ages to email or SMS. 
Now the dusty iOS and Android Carousel apps are getting a cleaner interface that highlights photos with faces over your boring, endless shots of food and sunsets you 'll probably never look at again. 
The app launches on iPad today and Android tablets soon to let you look at photos on a bigger screen. 
And most importantly, Carousel is now viewable from the web. 
I say viewable because you can't actually upload photos to Carousel from your computer, which seems like a fatal flaw. 
It also lacks the scroll wheel interface that made Carousel fun to whip around on mobile, leaving the web version feeling half-baked. 
None of the interfaces allow any sort of photo editing, which puts it far behind the flexibility of some competitors. 
Carousel will need a more compelling product to be a serious deciding factor in where people store their photos. 
Dropbox is willing to wait until Carousel is more complete to see it pay dividends. 
Product Manager on Carousel Chris Lee refused to own up to the soggy download rates on Carousel, instead telling me We think of this very much as a long-term bet. 
People have photos and videos scattered across their devices. 
There still isn't one solution. 
Without web uploads, Carousel isn't that solution either, but hopefully it will get there with a few more iterations. 
Unfortunately, nothing's been done to solve one of the original criticism of Carousel: the price. 
Dropbox users start with a free 2GB of storage, and they get 3 more if they sign up for Carousel. 
But most people who would care about a photo storage app have way more than 5GB of memories, which means they 'll likely need to cough up $ 10 a month for a terabyte of space. 
Lee admits that there are lots of people with more than 5GB of media to store, and that Carousel is a big up sell for Dropbox storage space. 
The initial free space is a great way to experience the product. 
Our job is to make it so convenient for people that Carousel and Dropbox are worth paying for Lees says. 
But with no middle-tier between 5GB and 1000GB, Carousel can seem expensive. 
On iCloud, $ 1 a month gets you 20GB and $ 4 gets you 200GB. 
$ 2 a month gets you 100GB on Google Drive. 
A terrabyte comes free with ads on Flickr. 
A $ 99 annual Amazon Prime subscription gives you unlimited photo storage plus a whole lot else. 
Lee grits his teeth into smile and spins the issue, saying There's a really high bar. 
We have to build products people are willing to pay for. 
At the end of the day, I think that motivates us to build even better products. 
Apple makes money on hardware, Google and Yahoo on ads, and Amazon on ecommerce. 
Storage is becoming commoditized because they can give it away as a loss leader. 
That means Dropbox will have to win with convenience, which it does well with, and added-value. 
To deliver the latter, its product will have to move faster. 
Taking seven months to launch an incomplete web version with no editing won't cut it. 
Carousel needs more before it's ready to ride. 
Kaufmann Mercantile is an online retailer that focuses on the curation of luxury, high-quality products. 
You could think of it a bit like Fab.com, but with a focus on luxury products as opposed to funky design. 
Kaufmann Mercantile sells everything from accessories to beauty products to home furnishings to workman's tools, however the company isn't ultra-focused on the super crowded clothing space. 
So what will you find on Kaufmann Mercantile? 
You could browse this $ 200 shaving kit, or this $ 500 hatchet, or even this very special $ 250 thermal carafe. 
The possibilities are endless. 
Kaufmann Mercantile has been around since 2009 and has sold over $ 6 million worth of merchandise, coming out to around 180,000 products sold. 
According to the company, they 've worked to get over 300 of the world's best manufacturers from more than 20 countries across the globe. 
In a prime-time speech to the country, Obama said he will offer temporary protection from deportation to the parents of children who are either U.S. citizens or legal permanent residents and he will also expand protection to more DREAMERers, or children who entered the country illegally with their parents. 
Those two groups will also be allowed to legally work in the United States, after passing a background check and paying a fee. 
To those Members of Congress who question my authority to make our immigration system work better, or question the wisdom of me acting where Congress has failed, I have one answer: Pass a bill, Obama said. 
I want to work with both parties to pass a more permanent legislative solution. 
And the day I sign that bill into law, the actions I take will no longer be necessary. 
Even before Obama delivered his speech, congressional Republicans warned that this action would kill any chance of comprehensive immigration legislation. 
Oklahoma Sen. Tom Coburn took it a step further, warning of a political and social firestorm. 
The country's going to go nuts, because they're going to see it as a move outside the authority of the president, and it's going to be a very serious situation, Coburn said in an interview with USA Today. 
You're going to see -- hopefully not -- but you could see instances of anarchy. 
... You could see violence. 
We 've added NPR's live coverage at the top of this post and you can watch a live video stream at PBS.org. 
We're going to live blog it here, so hit refresh to see the latest. 
Update at 8:08 p.m. ET. 
No Path To Citizenship: 
This deal does not apply to anyone who has come to this country recently, Obama says. 
It does not apply to anyone who might come to America illegally in the future. 
It does not grant citizenship, or the right to stay here permanently, or offer the same benefits that citizens receive -- only Congress can do that. 
All we're saying is we're not going to deport you. 
That's why we're going to keep focusing enforcement resources on actual threats to our security, Obama said. 
Felons, not families. 
Criminals, not children. 
Gang members, not a mother who's working hard to provide for her kids. 
We 'll prioritize, just like law enforcement does every day. 
Update at 8:02 p.m. ET. 
Immigration System Is Broken: 
It's been this way for decades, Obama said. 
And for decades, we haven't done much about it. 
Update at 7:31 p.m. ET. 
The Fine Print: 
We 've outlined in broad terms what is included in Obama's executive action. 
If you're curious, here's the fine print, according to the White House: 
-- Obama will expand his Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals to include any children who were brought to this country illegally before January 1, 2010. 
Before, the president had deferred the deportation of those born after 1981 who had entered the country before June 15, 2007. 
-- Neither of those two groups will be given a green card. 
Both of them will be able to get a Social Security card, but they will not be eligible for Social Security benefits. 
-- On the enforcement front: The administration will now concentrate on deporting criminals and those who pose a threat to national security. 
This means an unknown number of immigrants may continue to live in the United States illegally but without the threat of deportation. 
If we start broadening that, Obama said referring to an earlier executive action that deferred the deportation of young immigrants, then essentially I 'll be ignoring the law in a way that I think would be very difficult to defend legally. 
So that's not an option. 
The White House has released two excerpts of President Obama's prime-time speech. 
In the first, he says that this approach is not amnesty. 
Instead, the president will say, leaving the system the way it is amounts to amnesty. 
Mass amnesty would be unfair, Obama will say. 
Mass deportation would be both impossible and contrary to our character. 
What I'm describing is accountability -- a commonsense, middle ground approach: If you meet the criteria, you can come out of the shadows and get right with the law. 
If you're a criminal, you 'll be deported. 
If you plan to enter the U.S. illegally, your chances of getting caught and sent back just went up. 
Update at 6:17 p.m. ET. 
The Legal Authority: 
First, the senior administration official said, the executive branch is given prosecutorial discretion by the constitution. 
That means the Department of Homeland Security can set enforcement priorities and can decide whom to deport. 
Update at 6:06 p.m. ET. 
Acting Like An Emperor: 
Update at 6:02 p.m. ET. 
Relief For Others: 
Obesity used to be an issue primarily in well-off countries. 
It was one of those things flippantly dismissed as a first-world problem. 
Now people are packing on the pounds all over the planet. 
In some fast-growing cities in China, for example, half the people are now overweight. 
Over the last decade, no country in the world managed to trim its obesity prevalence. 
Some of the worst rates of obesity are now in the developing world. 
Indeed, the number of people categorized as excessively heavy is growing faster than the buffet line at a Vegas casino. 
The report predicts that if current trends continue, 41 percent of adults in the world will be overweight by the year 2030. 
The report also finds that burgeoning waistlines have a ripple effect. 
This is a massive global economic issue, says Dobbs. 
It's largely been left to the health people but actually it's having a huge economic effect and there really hasn't been a systematic view of how to address it. 
The McKinsey report estimates the economic impact of obesity around the world at $ 2 trillion a year. 
Part of that figure is the cost of caring for diseases that are linked to obesity, like Type 2 diabetes. 
But there's an even bigger cost in the loss of productivity, Dobbs says. 
People suffering from obesity often work less. 
They have to take more time off sick. 
They retire early or even die early. 
The United States has the highest obesity rate in the world: 34.9 percent. 
And while Americans are known for enjoying fast food and being big, the other countries in the top five fattest nations might surprise you: Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Mexico and South Africa. 
The challenge we have with addressing obesity is we are fighting thousands of years of evolution, he says. 
Our bodies have a natural inclination to want to horde energy when we have it available. 
-LSB- We want -RSB- to horde food and to horde fat. 
Programs to get individuals to eat right and exercise more must be a part of any weight loss effort. 
But the report makes it clear that focusing just on the eating habits of the morbidly obese -- in other words, blaming the victim -- won't solve anything. 
Personally I know if there's cheese in the fridge, I eat it, Dobbs says. 
If I open the fridge and there's not cheese there, I eat the celery. 
The city of Montgomery agreed to new polices to avoid jailing people who say they are too poor to pay traffic tickets. 
In that Alabama city, as in Ferguson, there's been tension between poor residents and police over the way people are fined for traffic tickets and other minor violations and then sometimes jailed for not paying. 
In the settlement, the city agreed to set a clear standard for municipal courts to determine whether someone is too poor to pay court fines and fees. 
There have been similar lawsuits elsewhere -- a judge closed down the municipal courts of two small Alabama towns in 2012 and 2013 -- but those cases are still being hashed out and Montgomery is the first city to complete court reform following a lawsuit. 
In Montgomery, people with income at 125 percent of the federal poverty level, which amounts to less than $ 24,000 for a family of four, now will be considered indigent. 
They will be allowed to pay off tickets by performing community service or by paying fines at $ 25 a month. 
The settlement also requires the city of Montgomery to stop using a private probation company that charged offenders extra fees to collect fines. 
And the courts have agreed to hold amnesty days, when people can get arrest warrants lifted. 
A similar program of warrant forgiveness is being tested in Ferguson. 
Sharnalle Mitchell was arrested Jan. 26 at her home in Montgomery for failure to pay traffic tickets from 2010. 
The single mother was handcuffed in front of her children, 1 and 4 years old, and sentenced to 58 days in jail to pay off unpaid fines. 
Mitchell, who also cared for her disabled mother, said she made a couple of small payments but fell behind because she had little income, less than $ 14,000 a year that she made from her occasional work styling hair. 
In the crowded, dirty jail, she says, she was despondent. 
I felt like I was going to lose my kids, she says. 
I felt everything was just going down the drain. 
She got out of jail early after an attorney from a small civil rights nonprofit found her in her cell. 
She handed me the court documents that said either she had to sit in jail for 59 days or pay $ 2,800, money she didn't have, says Alec Karakatsanis of Equal Justice Under Law. 
She could pay off her debt at $ 50 a day, plus make an extra $ 25 on days she agreed to work as a janitor and clean the dirty jail cells. 
On the back of her court documents, she had listed the days from 1 to 58, with the amount of money she made each day, subtracted from $ 2,800. 
Karakatsanis, who sued on behalf of 16 people, says the city violated constitutional protections that prevent people from going to jail simply because they are too poor to pay court fines. 
Debtors' prisons were outlawed in the U.S. before the Civil War. 
But the NPR investigation found there are no clear standards for how to determine who is too poor to pay -- and should be excused -- and those who have the ability to pay but simply refuse. 
As a result, the NPR series found, every day, poor Americans sit in jail because they can't pay off their court costs. 
Robert Segall, an attorney representing Montgomery, denies the city acted improperly and says municipal court judges had made a considerable effort to determine whether there was an ability to pay and put off imposing any kind of penalties for quite a long period of time to give offenders multiple chances to pay what they owed. 
But in May, a federal judge, responding to the lawsuit, cited concerns and issued an injunction, stopping the city from collecting fines. 
Segall said the city negotiated with lawyers from Equal Justice Under Law and the Southern Poverty Law Center to avoid a lengthy court fight. 
He says the city welcomed the chance to institute clearer procedures. 
There's been similar scrutiny of municipal courts in Ferguson, where arrests are a continuing source of tension. 
Last year, the municipal court in Ferguson, a city of 21,135 residents, issued 32,975 arrest warrants for nonviolent offenses, mostly driving violations. 
The City Council has already proposed steps to reduce the arrest warrants. 
A ticket amnesty -- extended through the end of the year -- allows people to erase pending arrest warrants and reset what is owed in small payment plans. 
The city of St. Louis announced a similar step last month, saying it would forgive some 220,000 warrants for nonviolent traffic offenses. 
Other municipalities in St. Louis County are considering similar programs. 
Karakatsanis says the agreement in Montgomery could show a way to do court reform in Ferguson. 
The settlement this week, he says, has a chance to be a really groundbreaking moment in the fight against the rise of modern debtors' prisons. 
Advocates of assisted-suicide laws believe that mentally competent people who are suffering and have no chance of long-term survival, should have the right to die if and when they choose. 
If people are have the right to refuse life-saving treatments, they argue, they should also have the freedom to choose to end their own lives. 
Opponents say that such laws devalue human life. 
Medical prognoses are often inaccurate, they note -- meaning people who have been told they will soon die sometimes live for many months or even years longer. 
They also argue that seriously ill people often suffer from undiagnosed depression or other mental illnesses that can impair their ability to make an informed decision. 
Before the debate, the audience at the Kaufman Music Center in New York was 65 percent in favor of the motion and 10 percent against, with 25 percent undecided. 
After the debate, 67 percent favored the motion, with 22 percent against, making the team arguing against the motion the winner of this debate. 
Peter Singer is a philosopher and author, best known for his work in ethics. 
He is the Ira W. DeCamp Professor of Bioethics in the University Center for Human Values at Princeton University, a position that he now combines with the part-time position of Laureate Professor at the University of Melbourne. 
Some of his more recent books include The Point of View of the Universe and The Life You Can Save: Acting Now to End World Poverty. 
In 2014 the Gottlieb Duttweiler Institute ranked him third on its list of Global Thought Leaders, and Time has ranked him among the world's 100 most influential people. 
An Australian, in 2012 he was made a Companion to the Order of Australia, his country's highest civilian honor. 
Andrew Solomon is a writer, lecturer and a professor of clinical psychology at Columbia University. 
Solomon's newest book, Far From the Tree: Parents, Children, and the Search for Identity, won the National Book Critics Circle award for nonfiction and was chosen as one of the New York Times Ten Best Books of 2012. 
Solomon's previous book, The Noonday Demon: An Atlas of Depression won the National Book Award for nonfiction and was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize. 
He is a director of the University of Michigan Depression Center and Columbia Psychiatry ; a member of the board of visitors of Columbia University Medical Center ; serves on the national advisory board of the Depression Center at the University of Michigan, and on the advisory board of the Depression and Bipolar Support Alliance. 
In 2011, he was appointed special advisor on Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender Mental Health at the Yale School of Psychiatry. 
Baroness Ilora Finlay, a leading palliative care physician, is president of the British Medical Association, president of the Chartered Society of Physiotherapy, and is a past president of the Royal Society of Medicine. 
She has led the Palliative Care Strategy Implementation Board in Wales since 2008, and chaired the Welsh Medical and Dental Academic Advisory Board since 2012. 
Finlay was a general practitioner in inner-city Glasgow before returning to Cardiff to work full-time in care of the terminally ill. 
She works at the Velindre Cancer Centre, covering South East Wales when clinically on call. 
Finlay started the Marie Curie Hospice in Wales and since 2008 has responsibility on behalf of Welsh Government for strategic oversight of all hospice and palliative care services in Wales. 
Since 2001, Finlay has been an Independent Crossbench Peer in the House of Lords. 
Dr. Daniel Sulmasy is the Kilbride-Clinton Professor of Medicine and Ethics in the Department of Medicine and Divinity School at the University of Chicago, where he serves as associate director of the MacLean Center for Clinical Medical Ethics and as director of the Program on Medicine and Religion. 
Sulmasy was appointed to the Presidential Commission for the Study of Bioethical Issues by President Obama in 2010. 
His research interests encompass both theoretical and empirical investigations of the ethics of end-of-life decision-making, ethics education and spirituality in medicine. 
He is the author or editor of six books, including Safe Passage: A Global Spiritual Sourcebook for Care at the End of Life. 
He also serves as editor-in-chief of the journal, Theoretical Medicine and Bioethics. 
The Associated Press says: Those consumers have separate dental coverage in addition to a medical plan, and were double-counted by mistake, said -LSB- White House spokesman Aaron -RSB- Albright. 
They had purchased both the medical and dental plans through HealthCare.gov and state insurance markets created under the law. 
Right now, at preschool programs around the country, teachers are tapping infinite reserves of patience to keep the peace among children at various stages of development and need. 
They're also providing meals, wiping noses and delivering a curriculum in math and reading that will get the kids ready for school. 
And there are hugs. 
Lots of hugs. 
A working parent like me would say these services are priceless. 
But according to a brand-new study from the University of California, Berkeley, the economy values them between $ 8.63 and $ 20.99 per hour. 
That wide range depends largely on location and classification. 
Childcare workers, who are more likely to work with younger children and in homes, have seen their real wages drop by a penny an hour compared to 1989, when this study was first conducted -- from an average of $ 8.63 in West Virginia to $ 12.47 in Massachusetts. 
Preschool workers, who are more likely to work with older children in licensed centers and in publicly funded, school-based programs, earn more -- from $ 11.57 an hour in Delaware to $ 20.99 in NYC. 
Not only is the pay low, the divisions within the profession are somewhat arbitrary, says Deborah Phillips, a professor at Georgetown University and a co-author of both the original study and this update. 
The demands of caring for children who are just learning to speak and gain independence are, if anything, greater than for 3-year-olds. 
And kindergarten teachers earn far more than either category, even though there's mounting evidence that the social, emotional, and cognitive benefits of high-quality programs for the very young can last a lifetime. 
There's a disconnect between our 21st century knowledge about early childhood teaching and these 20th century wages, says Phillips. 
We desperately need educated young people to be working with young children, but they look at this job and say, ` It's a pathway to poverty. 
I can't pay my student loans if I do this.' 
Wages come out as the strongest predictor of observed quality of care, says Phillips. 
The caliber of teachers is tied to their wages. 
Any rise in wages is unlikely to come from private pockets. 
Even middle-class families often find childcare unaffordable as it is, to the point where it's cited as a cause for a notable rise over the past decade in mothers staying at home. 
Policymakers and the business community are all now turning to early childhood education as one of the best investments we can make, says Phillips. 
But if you don't pay adequate wages, you undermine the very thing that produces that value. 
When the loss of productivity due to illness and disability is added in, the bill comes to $ 322 billion, or $ 1,000 a year for each American, including those without diabetes. 
That's 48 percent higher than the same benchmark in 2007 ; not a healthy trend. 
For a person diagnosed with diabetes, the average economic burden was $ 10,970 a year. 
Caring for a pregnant woman with gestational diabetes cost $ 5,800 a year. 
Undiagnosed diabetes costs $ 4,030 a case, and prediabetes, or having abnormal blood sugar that doesn't met the diagnostic criteria for diabetes, $ 510. 
Those last two reflect the fact that people with undiagnosed diabetes or elevated glucose tend to go to the doctor more often. 
About 29 million people have been diagnosed with diabetes, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ; 8 million of them haven't yet been diagnosed. 
Another 86 million, or 37 percent of adults, have prediabetes, which is more common as people age. 
And though the symptoms of gestational diabetes usually recede when a woman gives birth, both she and her child are at higher risk for Type 2 diabetes. 
The researchers, at the IHS Life Sciences economic consulting group, combed data from multiple sources, including hospital discharges, private insurers and Medicare to come up with the trend lines. 
The various data sources vary, so it's hardly the last word. 
But it provides a solid look at the trend. 
The economists crunched the numbers for individual states, too. 
West Virginia had the highest rate of people diagnosed with diabetes, at 10 percent. 
Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, Florida, Kentucky, Louisiana and Mississippi all posted rates over 8 percent. 
And these were people with health insurance. 
It's hard to imagine that the numbers could be worse, but they almost certainly would be for people who are uninsured. 
On Sept. 9, BJ Holloway's life savings were stolen. 
Six cows worth about $ 10,000 were taken in the dead of the night from his land in Spencer, Okla.. 
BJ started raising cows when he was just a teenager. 
His parents gave him the first two, and he raised those until they had calves he could sell off to buy some more. 
Over the years, he kept doing that, breeding the cows and selling off the little ones. 
Raising cows is a business for BJ, and all of his savings are wrapped up in them, which made the theft of the cows absolutely devastating. 
It really hit me that night when everything is quiet in the house ... knowing your investment is gone, said Holloway. 
If you ever had anything taken away from you that you worked all your life to try to create -- all the sudden, it's gone. 
BJ had no idea who took his cattle. 
And here in Oklahoma, when cows are stolen, lots of times, you never find the thief. 
The cows all look alike, and BJ hadn't branded of all his cattle, meaning there wasn't any way to tell who they belonged to. 
Jerry Flowers' official job title is chief special agent in charge of the law enforcement section for the Oklahoma Department of Agriculture. 
Jerry is a cowboy through and though. 
He and his team have an unofficial uniform of starched jeans, starched shirts, wore-out boots, and a clean, white hat. 
Jerry got turned on to BJ's case by the owner of the local cattle auction house, OKC West. 
The owner of OKC West, Bill Barnhart, called Jerry after getting an anonymous tip, a phone call, from someone saying that a man named C. Wright was stealing cattle. 
When Jerry looked up C. Wright in the auction house records, he found that the same day BJ's six cows were stolen, C. Wright came into the auction house with six cows to sell. 
And the cows that C. Wright sold were the same kind of cows that were stolen from BJ. 
Jerry watched surveillance video of C. Wright making the drop. 
And the video shows just how easy it is to sell stolen cattle. 
In the video, C. Wright gets out of the truck, says a few words to the auction house employee, and the three cows run out of the trailer into the pens to be sold. 
That's it. 
No one checks any paperwork, and C. Wright doesn't have to prove he owns the cows. 
This is the way they do business here in Oklahoma. 
It's a handshake. 
It's based on trust. 
After Jerry watched the video, he sat in the parking lot of the auction house waiting for C. Wright to show up. 
Jerry knew he would be back to pick up the money for the three cows he thought the auction house had sold for him. 
Jerry watched and waited until C. Wright's truck pulled in. 
When it did, Jerry approached the truck and got C. Wright and his friend to confess to stealing the three cows in under 20 minutes. 
They also confessed to taking BJ's six cows. 
Later C. Wright and his friend told me stealing cows is easy. 
They said all you have to do is walk into the pasture with some food in a bucket. 
You shake the bucket at the cows, and they come over. 
Once you 've got them in the pen -- you back up your livestock trailer and chase the cows inside. 
Once they in, I shut my gate, put everything back like it was, and I'm gone, C. Wright told me. 
He said stealing three cows took about 30 minutes, and it seemed like a perfect crime. 
Out here on these ranches there are very few houses, very few people to catch thieves in the act. 
C. Wright and his friend made a calculation. 
The amount of money you can get for the stolen cows is high. 
The chance of getting caught is low. 
Which makes you wonder why the ranchers out here don't do more to protect their cattle. 
They could beef up security by putting in cameras. 
They could put RFID tags in the cows so they could always know where they are. 
They could brand all their cattle so auction houses know who they belong to. 
But the ranchers out here are doing their own calculation. 
Sure, they could spend the money on RFID chips and security, but for them, cow thefts are still rare enough that it doesn't make economic sense to do that. 
Jerry says C. Wright and his friend will be charged next week. 
They face jail time. 
As for BJ, he's unlikely to get his cows back. 
He could get some money back from the auction house's insurance, but he's still waiting to hear if that will actually happen. 
To honor the 25th anniversary of the Wall's demise and the artist's 70th birthday this year, Sanborn has decided to reveal a new clue to help solve his iconic and enigmatic artwork. 
It's only the second hint he's released since the sculpture was unveiled in 1990 and may finally help unlock the fourth and final section of the encrypted sculpture, which frustrated sleuths have been struggling to crack for more than two decades. 
The 12-foot-high, verdigrised copper, granite and wood sculpture on the grounds of the CIA complex in Langley, Virginia, contains four encrypted messages carved out of the metal, three of which were solved years ago. 
The fourth is composed of just 97 letters, but its brevity belies its strength. 
Even the NSA, whose master crackers were the first to decipher other parts of the work, gave up on cracking it long ago. 
So five years ago, concerned that he might not live to see the mystery of Kryptos resolved, Sanborn released a clue to help things along, revealing that six of the last 97 letters when decrypted spell the word Berlin -- a revelation that many took to be a reference to the Berlin Wall. 
To that clue today, he's adding the next word in the sequence -- clock -- that may or may not throw a wrench in this theory. 
Now the Kryptos sleuths just have to unscramble the remaining 86 characters to find out. 
Sanborn told WIRED that he's always been fascinated by Berlin's many clocks but the Berlin Clock in particular has intrigued him the most. 
The clock, also known as the Berlin Uhr or Set Theory Clock, was designed in the 1970s by inventor and tinkerer Dieter Binninger. 
It displays the time through illuminated colored blocks rather than numbers and requires the viewer to calculate the time based on a complex scheme. 
A yellow lamp at the top of the clock blinks every two seconds while a row of red lamps beneath it represent five hours. 
Red lights on a second row denote one hour each, and time is calculated based on the number of lights illuminated. 
So if in the first line 2 lamps are lit and in the second line 3 lamps, it's 5 +5 +3 = 13h or 1 p.m., notes one description of the timepiece. 
Most people have no idea who Dieter is and all of the other people who make strange clocks in Berlin, Sanborn says. 
There's a very interesting back story to -LSB- the Berlin Clock -RSB-. 
Clock could easily refer instead to a method devised by a Polish mathematician and cryptologist during World War II to crack Germany's Enigma ciphers -- a method that was expanded on by Alan Turing and his team at Bletchley Park who are credited with ultimately cracking Enigma. 
It may be no coincidence that Sanborn has decided to release hi new clue at the same time The Imitation Game, a film about Turning's work on Enigma, is opening in US theaters on Nov. 28. 
The artwork features a large block of petrified wood standing upright, with a tall copper plate scrolling out from the wood like a sheet of paper. 
At the sculpture's base is a round pool with a fountain pump that sends water moving in a circular direction around the pool. 
Carved out of the copper plate are approximately 1,800 letters, some of them forming a cryptographic table based on a method developed by a 16th-century Frenchman named Blaise de Vigenere. 
In 1995 a small group of cryptanalysts inside the NSA quietly deciphered the first three sections of the sculpture, though no one outside the agency and the CIA's top brass knew about it. 
In 1998, CIA analyst David Stein cracked the same three messages using paper and pencil and about 400 lunch-time hours. 
Only his CIA colleagues knew of his success, however, because the agency didn't publicize it. 
A year later, California computer scientist Jim Gillogly gained public notoriety when he cracked the same three messages using a Pentium II. 
It was totally invisible. 
How's that possible? 
They used the earth's magnetic field. 
x The information was gathered and transmitted undergruund to an unknown location. 
x Does Langley know about this? 
They should: it's buried out there somewhere. 
x Who knows the exact location? 
Only WW. 
This was his last message. 
x Thirty eight degrees fifty seven minutes six point five seconds north, seventy seven degrees eight minutes forty four seconds west. 
Layer two. 
Slowly, desparatly slowly, the remains of passage debris that encumbered the lower part of the doorway was removed. 
With trembling hands I made a tiny breach in the upper left-hand corner. 
And then, widening the hole a little, I inserted the candle and peered in. 
The hot air escaping from the chamber caused the flame to flicker, but presently details of the room within emerged from the mist. 
x Can you see anything? 
q 
Sanborn has said that the first three sections contain clues to solving the final 97 letters but no one has figured out what those might be. 
After no progress cracking the last section, Sanborn released the Berlin clue five years ago, considering it a significant clue. 
I'm throwing it out there. 
It just makes that many fewer characters people have to figure out, he told WIRED at the time. 
Code detectives worked to crack the puzzle following the Berlin revelation. 
Members of a popular Kryptos Yahoo Group led by Elonka Dunin, the foremost expert on Kryptos, tried for months to resolve it but to no avail. 
Who knows if the new clue will prove to be any more helpful. 
And even if it is and sleuths decipher the final code, there's an additional message they will still need to resolve. 
Once decrypted, the fourth section reveals a riddle, which Sanborn has said requires sleuths to be on the CIA grounds to solve. 
In part of the code that's been deciphered, I refer to an act that took place when I was at the agency and a location that's on the ground of the agency, Sanborn said during a 2005 interview with WIRED. 
So in order to find that place, you have to decipher the piece and then go to the agency and find that place. 
Dunin has suggested that the coordinates may refer to the location of a Berlin Wall monument on the CIA grounds. 
Three slabs from the Berlin Wall sit at CIA headquarters, a gift from the German government. 
However, the slabs weren't dedicated as a monument until 1992, two years after Kryptos was unveiled. 
Although the coordinates of the monument's location -- 38 57 2.5 N, 77 8 40 W -- differ from the coordinates mentioned in Kryptos by four seconds in both the latitude and longitude, Dunin has speculated that the CIA may have originally planned to position the monument at the coordinates Sanborn mentions on Kryptos then later chose a different location. 
Alternatively, Sanborn may have been using an incorrect U.S. geological map when he created his sculpture and thus got the coordinates wrong, she notes. 
After all, Sanborn has other errors in his sculpture, both intentional and unintentional. 
Kryptos includes intentional spelling errors and misaligned characters set higher on a line of text than characters around them. 
But in 2006, Sanborn realized he had also made an inadvertent error, a missing x that he mistakenly deleted from the end of a line in section two, a section that was already solved. 
He discovered the omission while doing a letter-by-letter comparison of the plaintext and coded text in preparation for a book about his work. 
The x was supposed to signify a period or section-break at the end of a phrase. 
Sanborn removed it for aesthetic reasons, thinking it wouldn't affect the way the puzzle was deciphered, but in fact it did. 
What sleuths had until then deciphered to say ID by rows was actually supposed to say layer two. 
The correction hasn't helped anyone solve the rest of the puzzle, however, in the subsequent years. 
Now this second clue, Sanborn hopes, will reinvigorate efforts to solve the puzzle, though he has mixed views on whether he wants the mystery to end. 
The artist has said he'd like to see it solved in his lifetime, but also enjoys that some of the smartest minds in cryptography -- including those at the CIA and NSA -- continue to be baffled by his work. 
Only two other people, aside from Sanborn, were initially said to know the solution to Kryptos: one was the retired chairman of the CIA's Cryptographic Center Ed Scheidt, who helped Sanborn choose and alter the coding techniques for the sculpture. 
The other was William Webster, the CIA director who received a sealed envelope containing the solution at the sculpture's dedication. 
However, in 2005 Sanborn revealed to WIRED that Scheidt and Webster only thought they knew the solution. 
In fact, he had deceived them. 
In November 1989, after the East German government announced that its citizens were free from then on to cross over the Wall into West Berlin and West Germany, crowds of euphoric Germans began chipping away at the cement barrier. 
With this new clue provided by Sanford, let the chipping away on Kryptos begin. 
I won't be able to post many or any posts on Beyond Apollo in the next few weeks because of holiday and work travel. 
I 'll be hauling along research material when I travel I always do, but I doubt that I 'll have time to do much more than take notes. 
The good news is that I 'll be visiting Washington, DC, for the first time in several years, and I 've built a personal day into my meeting schedule to do some archival research. 
I hope to be able to photocopy or scan some new documents to write about in the Smithsonian archives at the Udvar-Hazy facility, which I have not visited before. 
My meetings are at the Smithsonian on the National Mall, and I look forward to breaking away, if possible, to have a look at the National Air and Space Museum. 
I last visited in 2000, so I expect that it has changed a great deal since then. 
As always, I thank you for reading Beyond Apollo. 
I appreciate your comments and suggestions. 
To conclude this post, I want to let any night-sky fans out there know about a disturbing development in Flagstaff, Arizona. 
Flagstaff was designated world's first International Dark-Sky City in 2001. 
Located 7000 feet above sea level in ponderosa pine forests on the flank of an extinct volcano, the city of 60,000 people is home to Lowell Observatory, the U.S. Naval Observatory, the U.S. Geological Survey's Astrogeology Science Center, Northern Arizona University's recently upgraded observatory, and other educational and science institutions. 
Most of these facilities have a global reach -- actually, an interplanetary reach, because scientists based at many of them are involved in missions to Pluto, Saturn, Ceres, and other places. 
Over the years, dark-sky advocates -- only a few of whom work for the observatories, it turns out -- have fought off challenges to Flagstaff's dark-skies zoning policies. 
Occasionally the city government has been seduced by the light side ; usually, as is now the case, when big-money development is promised. 
Often this happens when members of the city council fail to understand the contribution the science institutions in Flagstaff make to the community. 
They pump millions of dollars into this small city on an on-going, regular basis, and have at least since the U.S. Naval Observatory came to town in the 1950s Lowell Observatory has contributed to Flagstaff since Percival Lowell set up his first telescope on Mars Hill in 1894. 
Some of this money comes from tourism -- people visit from all over the world -- but even more comes from science. 
In addition, Flagstaff's science institutions support local science and technology education. 
One example is Flagstaff's annual two-week Festival of Science, which takes place every September, but support for schools, teachers, and students continues throughout the year. 
I wrote about Flagstaff's long and successful battle to keep its skies dark. 
You can find my article here, on the website of the Flagstaff Dark-Skies Coalition. 
The latest challenge to Flagstaff's dark skies is well described here. 
It is an apartment complex on the road leading to the U.S. Naval Observatory. 
A vote will be held December 2, but it's doubtful that the battle will end there if this ill-conceived plan goes ahead. 
A defeat for dark skies in Flagstaff would send a negative message to other towns and cities near observatories all around the world. 
If you wish to tell the Flagstaff city government that the world is watching what it does next, you can do so by sending email to the addresses below: 
The web is funded by ads. 
But so many people hate seeing them, and they often resent all the data tracking that props them up. 
It's a clash that has become a major pain point for news websites and other publishers. 
The rise of ad blockers, which let people surf the web without these annoying ads, is also blocking their revenue. 
Launched on Thursday, the service is called Google Contributor, and it asks you to pay $ 1, $ 2, or $ 3 a month to back the websites you particularly like. 
In exchange for your support, you 'll see thank you messages where ads used to be -- at least on the websites that participate in the program. 
At the moment, Google is testing the idea with ten online publishers, including The Onion, ScienceDaily, Urban Dictionary, and Mashable. 
The thank-you notes are served up through Google's existing advertising channels, and Google still takes a cut of each contribution. 
According to Google, the $ 1 to $ 3 users pay essentially covers the cost of that ad space. 
But all of this is subject to change, she says, as the platform develops. 
At this point, what we 've rolled out is very much an experiment, a Google spokesperson tells us. 
We're getting the publishers on board today. 
We 'll see not just how it works but also the public interest level. 
This type of thinking makes sense. 
If people are going to gripe constantly about ads and having their personal data sold to advertisers, why not ask them to put a nominal amount of money where their mouths are? 
Google Contributor tries to appeal to readers' sense of ethics, urging them to believe that the content they enjoy is well worth spending $ 1 a month. 
But this approach may be too little, far too late. 
People are already used to getting content online for free. 
As much as they hate ads and ad tracking, they hate paying for free stuff even more. 
It's not unlike what happened to the music industry back in the early 2000s. 
Once people realized they could download music for free, the industry had to take legal action against companies like Napster in order to convince listeners to start paying again. 
Now, easy and instant transactions through platforms like iTunes make the whole paying-for-music thing a little more palatable. 
What's more, fans are even beginning to come down on the side of artists, when they feel music platforms are robbing them of their fair share. 
The Spotify-Taylor Swift fallout is only the most recent example. 
The publishing industry is now finding itself at a similar crossroads, trying to convince the world that the articles and videos they're consuming are actually worth something. 
But appealing to people's ethical duty isn't a surefire way of winning over the masses. 
That's one reason why publishers like The New York Times, which has had moderate success with paywalls, have to charge a lot more than $ 1 a month for digital subscriptions. 
They count on the fact that some readers will do the cost-benefit analysis and decide that access to the Times isn't worth the money, and that's for one of the most highly respected publications on the web. 
Now imagine the challenge a publication like ScienceDaily would face if it started charging. 
And while Google's partner websites won't track contributors' behavior, that doesn't change the fact that every other website will. 
It's that widespread culture of data collection that will be the toughest to overcome .1 
Still, for all its potential drawbacks, Contributor could solve a lot of problems on the web today. 
It could save publishers who are struggling to stay afloat as ad dollars dwindle, while also giving consumers what they say they want. 
Now, we 'll have to see just how much they want it. 
1. 
Update: After publishing, Google amended its statement to WIRED on how user behavior will be tracked through Google Contributor. 
The story has been updated to clarify. 
Last year, a man named Carlin Dunne raced an electric motorcycle in the Pikes Peak International Hillclimb. 
He reached the summit in a blistering 10 minutes flat, handily beating his closest competitor through the mountain's 156 curves by 21 seconds. 
That kind of time is impressive for a gasoline-powered superbike. 
It is downright amazing for an electric motorcycle. 
There is now a street legal version of that beast, the LS-218 from Lightning Motorcycles. 
It was designed by two people whose names are synonymous with batshit insane electric motorcycles. 
It is not cheap, coming in at $ 38,800. 
But then, things like this rarely are. 
The LS-218's defining distinction is its utterly absurd top speed. 
It hit 218 mph at Bonneville, and yes, that was a one-time thing under tightly controlled circumstances, but it still hit it. 
It's also got the official electric motorcycle record of 215.96 mph. 
To put that number in perspective, the McLaren 650C tops out at 207, and the current king of street-legal, mass-produced two wheelers, the Kawasaki ZZR1400, ekes out a relatively paltry 186 mph. 
Of course, that kind of speed is only useful in a straight line. 
And a bike like this is all. 
About. 
The curves. 
If Dunne's sprint up Pike's Peak -- 156 turns over 12.42 miles -- is any indication, the LS-218 can stand tall alongside the best internal combustion machines. 
Back in 2011, the fastest electric two-wheeler to complete Pikes Peak finished a full 1:39 behind the first place finisher, a Ducati Multistrada ridden by none other than Carlin Dunne. 
Two years later he was back on a Lightning, and he proceeded to dust every motorcycle in the field. 
Yes, a lot of that can be attributed to the skill of the rider. 
But the LS-218 appears to have the kit, too: RaceTech fork, Ohlins shock, Brembo brakes, Marchesini wheels. 
Lightning claims the oil-cooled motor produces 168 pound-feet of torque and the equivalent of 200 horsepower, in a bike with a claimed weight of 495 pounds. 
The torque is nuts for a superbike, but the horsepower figures are par for the course at the top tier of performance motorcycles. 
Lightning, like Mission Motorcycles and Zero Motorcycles, is based in California. 
It's been playing with electricity since 2006 and, like Energica, started with racing. 
Antecedents to the LS-218 competed in events like the 2012 TTXGP/e-Power race at Laguna Seca and, of course, Pikes Peak. 
Now it's wading into the consumer market. 
The chief architects are longtime electric motorcycle innovators Eva Hakansson and Chip Yates who's also got a thing for electric aviation. 
Lightning, which is taking orders, just delivered its first bike to Troy Helming, a clean-energy executive who reserved one about a year ago. 
This being an electric motorcycle, the two biggest questions, after price, are how far it 'll go and how long it 'll take to charge. 
Lightning claims the standard 12 kW/hour lithium-ion pack is good for 100 miles at highway speeds, but based on our experience with electric motorcycles, you can expect 60 to 80 in real-world riding and maybe 40 if you're attacking the back roads. 
Lightning offers optional packs of 15 and 20 kW/hr, which bumps claimed range to as much as 150 and 180 miles, respectively. 
When the battery's dead, you're looking at two hours plugged into a Level 2 charger, which uses 220 volts like your dryer. 
The question remains as to how viable a machine like this is. 
You can buy a garage full of top-shelf motorcycles for 38 large, and your buddies will leave you in the dust after 40 miles of spirited back-road riding. 
But companies like Lightning and Tesla are showing that electric vehicles need not be boring. 
Here's hoping that Lightning, like Tesla, continues honing the technology's leading edge, and apply it to more mainstream machines. 
These days, you can hardly have a technology conversation without talking about the Internet of Things IoT. 
And when that conversation shifts its focus to the industrial sector, including energy, Oil & Gas, Power & Utilities, and petrochemicals, among others, the discussion changes to what is being called the Industrial Internet of Things IIoT. 
So what is all this hype about? 
The convergence of cheap processing, unending storage, massive bandwidth, near-ubiquitous connectivity, and cloud-based applications is driving new capabilities for gathering information and changing the way we interact with machines and services. 
The data generated by sensors in this network of connected devices is being collected and analyzed, spawning the growth of big data analytics and applications. 
And the resulting analytics are being used to improve business efficiency, better serve customers and disrupt old business models. 
There will be nearly 26 billion connected devices by 2020, according to Gartner, which is an increase of 30 fold over 2009. 
Impressive, but what does it really mean to have all these devices connected to the internet? 
Is there any real value involved? 
Just because you can, does it mean that you should? 
We all remember the technology boom and bust of the late 1990s and early 2000s aka Dot-com Bubble that was fueled by an excessive amount of wishful thinking or irrational exuberance. 
But the IIoT can and will be different -- if we keep our collective eyes on the prize. 
Unlike consumer-based IoT that is trying to devise a way to make your world a better place by telling you when your washing machine needs service or letting you control all of your home's systems while you are away, the IIoT is working to make our collective world a better place by improving the monitoring, control and safety of everything around us. 
In short, reducing risk and improving the reliability of our massive industrial systems. 
No small task given the amount of data that will be generated by all of those devices running around the clock. 
Think about it: How good is your computer without a good operating system to make all those programs function properly, or your smartphone without a million apps to connect you and your friends or coworkers and the information you share? 
Large hardware vendors recognized long ago that it is the software that makes the hardware more valuable. 
Software supports the human interaction side of the equation by helping to turn data into information. 
But not just basic information, I am talking about critical, insightful, influential, and actionable information, without which we run the risk of potentially dangerous outcomes. 
This next-generation software should be cloud-based because, let's face it -- on-premises solutions require significantly more time, money and resources than you would like to afford while trying to remain competitive. 
Advanced software should easily connect the existing enterprise asset management EAM or computerized maintenance management system CMMS with the field-based industrial devices and equipment. 
It should provide early, rapid insight into the volumes of data and information that mere mortals are expected to evaluate to find business opportunities and make recommendations as part of a larger asset performance management strategy. 
But more importantly, software should make it easier for your organization to achieve its highest objective: operational excellence. 
Even in today's increasing connected environment, industrial organizations do little more than make use of a minimal set of vendor-supplied analytics related to machine-specific solutions -- automated instrument calibration, instant vibration analysis of pumps and compressors, or other equipment related algorithms. 
The analytical capabilities of affordable processing and storage capacity in new software solutions are just beginning to be tapped. 
One key to discussing the software needs of the IIoT is to include asset performance diagnostics. 
More specifically, to take advantage of all the useful information out there and the connectivity promised by equipment and software vendors, we need to discuss asset performance diagnostics ; the ability to quickly assess a plant's equipment/asset status or ` health'. 
This ability can be critical for merger and acquisition activity versus building new. 
This implies that we must be able to check across many equipment types, not just one or two manufacturer-specific reports, in order to understand where our metrics stand in relation to our industry peers. 
Additionally, with next-generation software, organizations will gain enhanced asset reliability and comparative analysis for operational goals. 
Operators can perform better and faster analysis on collected data to report to the C-Suite executives, who then have better context for defining strategic goals. 
Comparative analytics provide the ability to internally compare the status and performance of the equipment or assets to get your own house in order and really ignite your continuous improvement initiatives. 
Next-generation software must help organizations take it to the next level. 
To get there, you need to benchmark your operations against your peers and competitors. 
That capability will help you move to the pinnacle of continuous improvement, and closer to overall operational excellence. 
There is an enormous amount of data generated today and as new sensors are introduced in global industrial facilities, big data will become even bigger. 
Organizations still struggle with how to leverage that data operationally and strategically to better manage reliability strategy, operational risk and facility operations, which is why we need to insert software into our discussion of the IIoT. 
Google and Facebook don't just run your email and your social network. 
So often, they're a core part of your online identity. 
They help you log in to countless other services across the net. 
This is a handy thing. 
You don't have to remember as many usernames and passwords, but it's also dangerous. 
You're putting all your eggs in one basket. 
What if your Google account gets hacked or suspended? 
Not only would you lose your email address and potentially everything tied to it, but you'd lose access all those other internet services too. 
And then there are the privacy issues -- you can't control how the data these companies gather about you is used. 
A new group called Indie Hosters wants change this. 
They want to give you a web identity that you have complete control over -- and they want to make it just as easy as signing up for Facebook. 
The idea behind Indie Hosters is to create a network of web hosts that use a set of common standards, take care of geeky technical details of maintaining your identity, and, crucially, make it dead simple to move from one Indie Hosting provider to another with no hassle. 
Each host will be an independent business, and you, not the host, will own and control your identity. 
Through these hosts, you can not only log in to a wide range of other websites, but also published your own stuff to the web. 
So far, there are only two members of the network, the project's founders Michiel de Jong and Pierre Ozoux. 
But they hope more hosts will join them, and today, the team launched a crowdfunding campaign to work on building the tools and network to make that happen. 
Indie Hosters is part of what's called the indie web movement, a loose knit bunch of programmers, designers, and activists who think you should own your own web content and online identity. 
For the past few years, indie webbers have advocated that everyone register their own domain name and use it to create your own email address and universal login system. 
There are plenty of alternatives to Google and Facebook's universal login that you can run from your own website, such as Mozilla Persona and OpenID. 
The problem has always been that setting up a server to run all this stuff is too technical for the average user. 
Indie Hosters tries to solve this by setting all this up for you on a server managed by someone who understands all this technical stuff, but who won't lock you in. 
Most web hosts already offer some sort of one-click installer to help you setup popular tools like WordPress. 
But Indie Hosters is trying to take this a step further by automating absolutely everything you need to manage your identity online. 
Instead of confusing users by making core features optional, all accounts will come with both a your own top-level domain, custom email forwarding based on that domain, and a TLS certificate -- the same standard that banks and retailers use to protect your credit card transactions online. 
And web identity software such as OpenID and Mozilla Persona will soon work right out of the box. 
At the same time, Indie Hosters will let you publish and build your own stuff on the web. 
At the moment, it offers only two publishing tools to start: the popular blogging system WordPress and a new, social-media-aware tool called Known. 
But de Jong says Indie Hosters will offer far more applications in coming months, ranging from personal cloud storage systems like OwnCloud to the Bitcoin-style application development system Ethereum. 
Traditional hosting services don't usually add new apps to their one-click installer packages until they 've become popular. 
That creates a paradox for new applications looking to gain traction among the non-geek set. 
de Jong hopes Indie Hosters can give these new applications a better chance of succeeding. 
De Jong and Ozoux aren't the only ones trying to make running a personal web server easier. 
The creators of Indie Box and Freedom Box hope to sell you a physical server that you can run from home, so that you don't have to trust any cloud provider. 
Meanwhile, Sandstorm, managed by ex-Googler Kenton Varda, is aiming to create a brand new open source web hosting platform that makes it far easier to manage servers in the cloud. 
Indie Hosters is focused on helping you own your identity, while Sandstorm is more about getting applications up and running quickly. 
To sign-up for Sandstorm, you need to use either a Google Account or GitHub account. 
Varda says that will change eventually, but the two projects clearly have different priorities. 
While Sandstorm is trying to build a new platform that makes managing servers much easier, de Jong says that he and Ozoux are trying to avoid writing any new software at all. 
Instead, they're trying to use the best software already available and writing automation scripts to manage everything. 
Varda says that although Sandstorm has more apps available on its platform now, the Indie Hosters approach will probably enable them to add new apps more quickly than Sandstorm can, since most apps need to be tweaked to run on Sandstorm. 
In the long run Sandstorm will offer a more transformative change in the way we run servers, Varda says. 
But the beauty of open source is that Indie Hosters can use Sandstorm's tools to improve its own offering. 
Then everybody wins. 
Scientists make this season's flu vaccine based on the strains of the virus that circulated during the last flu season. 
It's a flawed approach, but it's the best they can do given that it takes months to make the vaccine, and there's no way -- at least not yet -- to predict how the virus might evolve in the interim. 
But a new computer modeling study suggests the human immune system has a better memory than scientists had thought for strains of the flu it's encountered in the past. 
In the future, the researchers say, it might be possible to exploit this to design better vaccines. 
Every year, the flu wreaks havoc around the world. 
It typically infects millions of people around the world every year and kills up to 500,000 in a typical year. 
National economies lose billions of dollars to medical care and missed workdays. 
The flu vaccine helps soften the blow, but vaccine makers are in an arms race with the virus. 
The Global Influenza Surveillance Network orchestrated by the World Health Organization continuously collects samples from ill people all over the globe and in February each year chooses which strains to put in the vaccine. 
Months later, around November, people start rolling up their sleeves to receive a vaccine based on those one or two strains. 
But sometimes the virus mutates during the lag time between spring and fall, which renders the vaccine less effective. 
Smith thinks we can improve the vaccine, even if we can't accurately predict the flu's evolution yet. 
His new study published in Science today offers a new way to look at our immune system's reaction to influenza. 
The team tracked 64 people in Vietnam for six years, analyzing their antibodies -- proteins made by the immune system to flag invading pathogens for destruction -- when they were infected with the flu. 
They then created 3-D antibody landscape maps of each person's immune response, says research assistant and co-author Sam Wilks. 
In the figure above, the colored dots represent different strains of flu, and the space between the dots reflect structural differences between those viruses. 
The 3-D landscape blue shows the individual's varied immune response to all the strains peaks indicate high immunity, valleys indicate low immunity. 
The landscapes revealed something remarkable: when influenza infects someone, it not only triggers an immune response for that particular strain, but for all the strains of that type of flu that have ever infected the person. 
This phenomenon, named ` back-boosting,' means that our old immunity gets boosted every time we're faced with a new flu virus. 
Typically, the back boost response was stronger for past strains that were closely related to the infecting strain. 
The researchers think we make antibodies for past strains because our immune system's memories of past viruses are activated more easily than they'd thought. 
The findings suggest that the flu vaccine provides much more protection than anyone thought against past versions of the flu that have infected a person. 
Someone infected with the flu last year will still make antibodies for that strain, regardless of what version of the vaccine they receive. 
It's essentially a free pass, Smith said. 
This means scientists can try to predict how the virus might mutate an active area of research and base a vaccine on that, without worrying about diminishing protection against current circulating strains. 
If last year's strain is still around this flu season, a vaccine targeted for a novel strain will still offer a defense by stirring antibody production. 
This opens up the possibility for vaccinating against a future virus, explains Smith, We don't have anything to lose because it won't make the vaccine any worse. 
The back boost covers our backs. 
Epidemiologist Michael Osterholm agrees. 
This is potentially revolutionary work, says Osterholm, who directs the Center for Infectious Disease and Research Policy at the University of Minnesota, We're a long way from changing our current policies, but this could really help. 
It also raises questions about how often do we need to be vaccinated if we can use this back-boost? 
It 'll be a while before a vaccine that takes advantage of the back-boost goes into a shot or nasal spray -- the approach still needs to go through clinical trials, which Smith hopes to get started on within a couple years. 
Until then, he recommends you get your flu shot anyway. 
Game of Thrones is coming. 
No, not the HBO show -- you still have to wait till 2015 for that -- but rather the highly anticipated videogame coming from Telltale Games. 
The first chapter of the game's six episodes is due out before the end of the year for PC, Mac, Xbox 360, Xbox One, PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, and iOS. 
Today, we 've finally got our first look at the trailer, whose narrator sounds very much like actor Lena Headey. 
It also features some familiar faces: Cersei, Tyrion, Margaery Tyrell, Ramsay Bolton, and a guy getting tortured by Ramsay who may or may not be Theon. 
Originating from a minor house in the Vale, Maester Ortengryn studied at the Citadel in the hope of being assigned to the Eyrie. 
But by the time he'd earned enough links on his chain to graduate from acolyte, Jon Arryn had been murdered and the South was in turmoil. 
The Citadel ultimately assigned Maester Ortengryn to Ironrath, where he soon came to respect the Forrester family's honor and integrity. 
He now serves the Forresters with pride and has become a trusted advisor to the Lord. 
Built over fifteen hundred years ago by Cedric Forrester and his triplet sons, Ironrath is a testament to the strength and endurance of Ironwood. 
The Forrester house words are ` Iron from Ice', which echoes their belief that -- like the ironwood itself -- the adverse conditions and unforgiving landscape of the North only makes them stronger. 
The Forresters have come up in the books before though not the TV show, thanks to a passing mention in A Dance with Dragons. 
They're bannermen to House Glover of Deepwood Motte, and have long been loyal to the Starks, though we're told little beyond that. 
Ironrath is located in the Wolfswood, a massive forest that sprawls across the northwest of the North. 
It's also conveniently located on the edge of the largest ironwood forest in Westeros, giving the Forresters control of a valuable resource often used build weapons and ships. 
Fun fact: When Ned Stark beheaded that guy in the beginning of Game of Thrones, it was on an ironwood stump! 
We're told that their good fortune has attracted the particular jealousy of their sure-to-be-evil rivals known as House Whitehill. 
Indeed, the trailer involves some ominous threats from Cersei, who mentions how important the ironwood is to the Forresters and suggests that it would be a shame to let it fall into the hands of another house. 
I imagine you'd do anything to prevent that from happening, wouldn't you? 
According to Telltale, unspecified events -- likely relating to Cersei's threats -- will put House Forrester into a precarious position that could spell their doom. 
And perhaps ... send a protagonist on an exciting journey to achieve a thing? 
Throughout the course of the game, you 'll actually get to play as five different members of House Forrester -- either blood relatives or those serving them -- across both Westeros and the eastern continent of Essos. 
The qualification that not all playable characters are actual members of the family suggests that Maester Ortengryn may indeed be one of them, since he was merely assigned to the House by the Citadel, and not born into it. 
A previous teaser for the game included a quote from Storm of Swords mentioning squids in the Wolfswood and flayed men -LSB- riding -RSB- the Kingsroad, a reference to the Greyjoys and the Boltons in the North. 
The third season of the television show ends with Roose Bolton named Warden in the North, so chances are the Forresters will be asked to swear fealty to House Bolton -- and the man widely known to have betrayed and killed Robb Stark, their former lord. 
The Greyjoy angle is a little more uncertain, since Yara's doomed invasion to rescue Theon didn't take her anywhere near the Wolfswood the Bolton Dreadfort is located in the East though the Ironborn could still factor in in one way or another. 
Since the end of the fourth season also sees the arrival of Stannis Baratheon at the Wall, he -- and dare we hope, the Battle for Castle Black? 
-- could easily play a role in this Northern drama as well. 
Batman is a unique blend of so many things, says director Brett Culp. 
He's powerful, yet human. 
He's mysterious, yet relatable. 
He's heroic, yet broken. 
We love his action-packed adventures, but we have become fans because he is one of us. 
That one-of-us aspirational aspect of the Bruce Wayne character is essential for Culp, whose passion project documentary, out this week, took some three years to complete and features interviews with Batman movie producer Michael Uslan and former Batman comic editor Dennis O’Neil. 
It also has appearances from fans and academics explaining the appeal of the millionaire hero. 
It's too late for me to be born on Krypton, and I probably won't ever be bitten by a radioactive spider, Culp says. 
But, given the right motivation, I believe it's possible that I could be like Batman. 
Not to fight crime as a vigilante, but to do good and help other people. 
Batman is a constant reminder that I can be a hero in my own life, in my family, and in my community. 
Even without a mask and cape. 
There's no escaping the fact that, no matter how much of an inspiration Batman may be, he's also a massively valuable piece of intellectual property for DC and its corporate owner, Warner Bros., however. 
As Culp admits, we are living in an interesting time where our cultural stories are very intertwined with commerce. 
Nonetheless, he suggests, the character has survived the demands of the market surprisingly well. 
I sense that the majority of the filmmakers, writers, and artists who have worked on the character have a strong desire to honor his fans and expand the legend in positive ways, he says. 
Culp's own relationship with commerce includes the successful Kickstarter campaign to fund the documentary the project made $ 54,820, almost double its original goal, in 2013. 
I hoped people would want to join us, but I wasn't sure, he says. 
The true success of the Kickstarter campaign went beyond financial interests, Culp says, because it helped him build buzz early on and attracted many of the faces who make appearances in the documentary to the project. 
Following the publicity surrounding the campaign -- which included write-ups in USA Today and The Hollywood Reporter -- we were overwhelmed with potential stories, and so many of them were wonderful, Culp says. 
It was really hard to choose which ones to include. 
The result is a movie that's surprisingly uplifting for a documentary about a superhero known for dressing up as a dark avenger of the night and punching bad guys. 
That heartwarming effect goes beyond merely the movie itself ; since Culp finished working on it, it's been shown in charity screenings across the country, raising money for organizations including Make-A-Wish, the Muscular Dystrophy Association, and the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation, underscoring the director's intent that the film follow in Batman's fictional footsteps to make the world a better place. 
I have more affection for Batman today than I did at the start of production, Culp says. 
I have seen again and again how Batman has been used as a symbol for wonderful, inspiring things, and that first-hand experience has affirmed my lifetime of affection for him. 
After working on this film, ` my Batman' is the 5-year-old kid who puts on a cape and runs into the backyard imagining themselves as a hero. 
For me, that is the most important Batman ; it's the Batman that will help shape the future. 
Up until yesterday, when you visited the App Store on iOS and browsed through free apps, the download button on the far right said Free in all caps. 
It made sense: The app is free to download, after all. 
But if you visit the App Store now, that Free button now says Get. 
This is being done to avoid confusion, and potential litigation, around apps that actually include in-app purchases. 
Earlier this year, Google ceased labeling apps as free if they included in-app purchases, following a request from the European Commission EC. 
The EC came out with four guidelines it wanted app stores and developers to follow: Games labeled as free shouldn't be misleading about actual costs ; they shouldn't exhort children to ask their parents to make in-app purchases ; they should inform users about purchasing practices and not allow purchases without explicit consent ; and app makers should offer an email address where users can file complaints. 
When this happened in July, Apple also agreed to make changes to its App Store, but never specified when. 
Apple already offers a number of safeguards against accidental in-app purchases. 
The Family Sharing feature in iOS 8 includes something called Ask to Buy, which is designed to ensure kids ask for permission before making iTunes or App Store purchases. 
The feature sends a notification to the parent's iOS device, where you can tap to grant permission or deny it. 
Otherwise, apps have to ask for confirmation that you want to make the in-app purchase before it goes through, and then you either need to enter your passcode or use Touch ID to validate the purchase. 
Previously, Apple settled with the FTC over rampant, exorbitant in-app purchases from minors when there were no safeguards against kids being able to make these purchases on their own. 
It also offered app users who suffered from this issue a way to get refunded. 
So now all iOS apps that are initially free to purchase have a Get button next to their title rather than a Free button, regardless of whether they offer in-app purchases or not. 
Google also changed the Top Free Apps and Top Free Games section headers to Top Apps and Top Games to comply with EC requests, but Apple has thus far left its Free app section titles unchanged. 
The Internet age has given us blisteringly fast connectivity to the World Wide Web, cloud computing, nearly instant collaboration and high definition face-to-face video communication with our peers around the world. 
Yet in terms of our rate of economic productivity, we have not only stalled in the past several years but also taken hugely dramatic dips. 
The promise of the Internet making everyone's job easier and boosting economic advancement has not been met. 
Why? 
The answer lies in a closer look at Solow's Paradox. 
The concept was first described in 1987 by economist and author Robert Solow, who stated, You can see the computer age everywhere but in the productivity statistics. 
As it grew in popularity, Solow's Paradox became defined as the discrepancy between measures of investment in information technology and measures of output at the national level. 
In particular, it asks why the rate of productivity increase appears to be slowing dramatically in the Internet age. 
And that is undeniably true. 
According to an early November report from the Bureau of Labor Statistics, 2014's third quarter business sector labor productivity increased at a 2.0 percent annual rate. 
Output increased 4.4 percent and hours worked increased 2.3 percent. 
From the third quarter of 2013 to the third quarter of 2014, productivity rose 0.9 percent as output and hours worked increased 3.0 percent and 2.1 percent, respectively. 
Looking at the year-over-year performance by quarter, that seems like good news. 
But taking a closer look, productivity actually declined steadily from a high of 8.3% in Q2 2009, including sizable dips of -2.7 percent in Q1 2011 and -- 4.5% in Q1 of 2014. 
An average productivity growth of 2.0% is something people actually might notice in their lifetimes. 
With the trends since 2009 showing steady decline over the past several years, however, what's really noticeable is that there seems to be no correlation between productivity and technological advancement. 
For me, it boils down to the fact that, compared to the technological innovations of the last industrial revolution electricity, automobiles, wireless broadcasting the Internet age just isn't that impressive. 
Technological advancements of the last century had a truly transformative effect over the previous industrial age. 
Ice farming was replaced by refrigeration, the horse and buggy by the automobile, burning of fossil fuels for energy by centralized electrical power production. 
These advancements were notable not just in what they achieved in themselves but how they affected society. 
What's more, consider that the average American worker's productivity soared at an average rate of 2.7% from 1939 to 2000. 
Among other reasons, the productivity surge occurred because the military industrial complex went from building more weapons to building more expensive, more sophisticated ones. 
This was a 20th Century idea, and came into its own with the advent of the Cold War. 
The USA knew it could never beat the Soviet Union or China by weight of numbers, but it could beat them with more efficient systems. 
This caused both the arms race escalation and the space race. 
In defense of today's technology, despite its ubiquity, some industry observers believe society has really only been in the Internet age for no more than 15 years. 
As a result, today's incredible advances in technology innovation have simply not had the time to effect society yet. 
With the every-quickening rate of change offered by the Internet, it is sensible to assume that 15 years from now we may see some more profound changes, on the order of those enjoyed across society in past periods of innovation. 
That is, of course, it we take advantage of the new technological changes available to us. 
Right now, we are not. 
People are afraid of rapid change, and when technological change happens faster than the investment cycle for a technology, major problems can happen. 
People will dig in their heels as a reaction to the newness of innovation. 
They will stick to old familiar processes, even when the new ones are faster, easier and more efficient. 
That's the equivalent of driving a horse-drawn carriage on the freeway. 
To avoid falling victim to Solow's Paradox over the long term, society as a whole -- and business in particular -- needs to think bigger. 
No longer can business think in terms of 10% improvement. 
Today's business leaders need to radically change their business process, and look for 10 times better process. 
Take advantage of the opportunities offered by the cloud and gigabit Ethernet, put the applications of the Internet age to work daily, across every aspect of your operations. 
That will spur a real revolution in how to do business. 
And only then might we be able to disprove and put to rest Solow's Paradox. 
Simon Dudley is the Video Evangelist for Lifesize. 
He can be reached via Twitter @simondudley. 
Marc Newson, who recently joined Apple as a special advisor, has been working with firearms manufacturer Beretta to redesign the shotgun for the modern age. 
Beretta Marc Newson, who recently joined Apple as a special advisor, has been working with firearms manufacturer Beretta to redesign the shotgun for the modern age.The lever that unlocks the barrels for reloading was left uncluttered by decorative swirls to better reveal its mission critical functionality. 
Beretta The lever that unlocks the barrels for reloading was left uncluttered by decorative swirls to better reveal its mission critical functionality.The delicate, laser-etched engravings depict quails which were imported to Europe from Asia as game birds for hunting. 
Beretta The delicate, laser-etched engravings depict quails which were imported to Europe from Asia as game birds for hunting.Trigger guards are often screwed-on pieces of sheet material, but Newson opted to mill his so that it becomes an integral part of the gun's receiver. 
Beretta Trigger guards are often screwed-on pieces of sheet material, but Newson opted to mill his so that it becomes an integral part of the gun's receiver.The Action is the metal hub where the trigger, reloading mechanism, and safety come together and serves as a showcase for Newson's design expertise. 
Beretta The Action is the metal hub where the trigger, reloading mechanism, and safety come together and serves as a showcase for Newson's design expertise.The 486's safety switch stands alone on the stock with a wood bridge hiding it's connection to the receiver, while calling attention to its potentially lifesaving functionality. 
Beretta The 486's safety switch stands alone on the stock with a wood bridge hiding it's connection to the receiver, while calling attention to its potentially lifesaving functionality. 
Marc Newson, who recently joined Apple as a special advisor, has been working with firearms manufacturer Beretta to redesign the shotgun for the modern age. 
Beretta Marc Newson, who recently joined Apple as a special advisor, has been working with firearms manufacturer Beretta to redesign the shotgun for the modern age.The lever that unlocks the barrels for reloading was left uncluttered by decorative swirls to better reveal its mission critical functionality. 
Beretta The lever that unlocks the barrels for reloading was left uncluttered by decorative swirls to better reveal its mission critical functionality.The delicate, laser-etched engravings depict quails which were imported to Europe from Asia as game birds for hunting. 
Beretta The delicate, laser-etched engravings depict quails which were imported to Europe from Asia as game birds for hunting.Trigger guards are often screwed-on pieces of sheet material, but Newson opted to mill his so that it becomes an integral part of the gun's receiver. 
Beretta Trigger guards are often screwed-on pieces of sheet material, but Newson opted to mill his so that it becomes an integral part of the gun's receiver.The Action is the metal hub where the trigger, reloading mechanism, and safety come together and serves as a showcase for Newson's design expertise. 
Beretta The Action is the metal hub where the trigger, reloading mechanism, and safety come together and serves as a showcase for Newson's design expertise.The 486's safety switch stands alone on the stock with a wood bridge hiding it's connection to the receiver, while calling attention to its potentially lifesaving functionality. 
Beretta The 486's safety switch stands alone on the stock with a wood bridge hiding it's connection to the receiver, while calling attention to its potentially lifesaving functionality. 
Italian firearms giant Beretta was founded in 1526 when Maestro Bartolomeo Beretta began producing rifles for the Arsenal of Venice, at a time when the city-state was a world power in the Renaissance rather than a honeymoon destination. 
Marc Newson, who recently joined Apple as a special adviser, has been working with the arms maker to design a shotgun, called the 486, for the modern age. 
The design of firearms tend to be a hybrid of high-technology and human-centered elements. 
Barrels are carefully fabricated to exacting standards, but the grips and shoulder stocks are artfully sculpted to fit human hands. 
Newson made it his mission to harmonize these two types of forms. 
The main focus for my design of the 486 was to simplify and rationalize all the surfaces, writes Newson. 
Specifically streamlining the area of the action. 
The Action is the metal hub where the trigger, reloading mechanism, and safety come together and serves as a showcase for Newson's design expertise. 
Trigger guards are often screwed-on pieces of sheet material, but Newson opted to mill his so that it becomes part and parcel of the gun's receiver. 
Cleverly, the 486's safety switch stands alone on the stock with a wood bridge hiding its connection to the receiver -- and thereby calling special attention to its lifesaving functionality. 
Similarly, the lever that unlocks the barrels for reloading was left uncluttered by decorative swirls to better reveal its critical role. 
The delicate, laser-etched engravings depict quails which were imported to Europe from Asia as game birds for hunting. 
Newson used them as an homage to the slaughtered flocks and an opportunity to add a personal dimension to the aesthetics. 
I am fascinated by Japanese culture and in particular the different comprehension of scale and detail, writes Newson. 
With this in mind I started to look at Japanese tattoos and the craftsmanship involved in creating complex engravings as a means to compliment the surfacing of the action. 
Newson's 486 pays tribute to company's nearly five-hundred year history, but is loaded with design touches that are only possible by leveraging modern technology. 
The stock and forend are are made of burled walnut, a material befitting one of Lord Fairfax's famous fox hunts, but feature precisely knurled grips produced using ultra-modern milling and robotic manufacturing tools. 
The result is the closest thing to the iGun we're ever likely to get. 
In making this assessment, account must be taken of the fact that Julian Assange is suspected of crimes of a relatively serious nature, the court said in its statement today. 
There is a great risk that he will flee and thereby evade legal proceedings if the detention order is set aside. 
In the view of the court of appeal, these circumstances mean that the reasons for detention still outweigh the intrusion or other detriment entailed by the detention order. 
The ruling forces Assange to remain inside the embassy or risk arrest and extradition to Sweden. 
But new pressures on Swedish prosecutors could force them to travel to London to interrogate him instead of requiring him to travel to Sweden. 
Assange has resisted going to Sweden for fear that he would face further extradition to the U.S. where a grand jury investigation is ongoing. 
These are matters for the -LSB- Swedish -RSB- prosecutor to decide on, but if she wished to travel here to question Mr Assange in the embassy in London, we would do absolutely everything to facilitate that, UK Foreign Minister Hugo Swire said. 
Indeed, we would actively welcome it. 
Swire insisted that his statement did not amount to a change in the UK's position. 
He acknowledged, however, that the UK government might not have been clear about its stance in the past. 
Assange asserts authorities told him he was free to leave, but when he did, they issued an arrest warrant for him. 
Assange sought exile from Ecuador because he believes the Swedish case is a trumped up attempt to get him extradited to the U.S. to face possible charges for his role in published documents leaked by Chelsea Manning. 
Assange, in his appeal to rescind the warrant, argued that although he had made himself available for questioning in the UK, the Swedish prosecutor has refused to accommodate that offer. 
This shows, Assange's attorneys argue, that the investigation has not been conducted with the effectiveness and urgency which can be demanded, and that what can be won by maintaining the detention order is not in proportion to the harm and damage the decision causes. 
that has deprived Assange of his liberty for more than two years. 
The head of the Swedish bar association called the showdown a circus and urged the prosecutor to compromise. 
It is time for this longstanding matter to be brought to a fair and proportionate end, Anne Ramberg, head of the bar association told the Guardian. 
A bot exits a landing craft on location in Iceland. 
© 2014 Warner Bros.. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
All rights reserved. 
© 2014 Warner Bros.. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
All rights reserved. 
They really live to serve the mission. 
They know they're expendable. 
But they're also very close to human intelligence and soul. 
-- Bill Irwin, voice and operator of TARS © 2014 Warner Bros.. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
All rights reserved. 
They really live to serve the mission. 
They know they're expendable. 
But they're also very close to human intelligence and soul. 
-- Bill Irwin, voice and operator of TARS © 2014 Warner Bros.. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
All rights reserved. 
Bill Irwin working the bot on location in Iceland. 
© 2014 Warner Bros.. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
All rights reserved. 
Bill Irwin working the bot on location in Iceland. 
© 2014 Warner Bros.. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
All rights reserved. 
Despite the bot's non-humanoid form, the actors focused on its screens as if they were a face. 
© 2014 Warner Bros.. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
All rights reserved. 
Despite the bot's non-humanoid form, the actors focused on its screens as if they were a face. 
© 2014 Warner Bros.. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
All rights reserved. 
The aluminum skeleton and control mechanisms behind the 200-pound bot's stainless-steel skin. 
© 2014 Warner Bros.. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
All rights reserved. 
The aluminum skeleton and control mechanisms behind the 200-pound bot's stainless-steel skin. 
© 2014 Warner Bros.. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
All rights reserved. 
TARS assumes a prone position during spaceflight. 
© 2014 Warner Bros.. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
All rights reserved. 
© 2014 Warner Bros.. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
All rights reserved. 
While filming the scenes in Iceland, two of the bots corroded so badly that they had to be completely disassembled and rebuilt. 
© 2014 Warner Bros.. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
All rights reserved. 
While filming the scenes in Iceland, two of the bots corroded so badly that they had to be completely disassembled and rebuilt. 
© 2014 Warner Bros.. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
All rights reserved. 
A bot exits a landing craft on location in Iceland. 
© 2014 Warner Bros.. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
All rights reserved. 
© 2014 Warner Bros.. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
All rights reserved. 
They really live to serve the mission. 
They know they're expendable. 
But they're also very close to human intelligence and soul. 
-- Bill Irwin, voice and operator of TARS © 2014 Warner Bros.. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
All rights reserved. 
They really live to serve the mission. 
They know they're expendable. 
But they're also very close to human intelligence and soul. 
-- Bill Irwin, voice and operator of TARS © 2014 Warner Bros.. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
All rights reserved. 
Bill Irwin working the bot on location in Iceland. 
© 2014 Warner Bros.. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
All rights reserved. 
Bill Irwin working the bot on location in Iceland. 
© 2014 Warner Bros.. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
All rights reserved. 
Despite the bot's non-humanoid form, the actors focused on its screens as if they were a face. 
© 2014 Warner Bros.. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
All rights reserved. 
Despite the bot's non-humanoid form, the actors focused on its screens as if they were a face. 
© 2014 Warner Bros.. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
All rights reserved. 
The aluminum skeleton and control mechanisms behind the 200-pound bot's stainless-steel skin. 
© 2014 Warner Bros.. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
All rights reserved. 
The aluminum skeleton and control mechanisms behind the 200-pound bot's stainless-steel skin. 
© 2014 Warner Bros.. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
All rights reserved. 
TARS assumes a prone position during spaceflight. 
© 2014 Warner Bros.. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
All rights reserved. 
© 2014 Warner Bros.. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
All rights reserved. 
While filming the scenes in Iceland, two of the bots corroded so badly that they had to be completely disassembled and rebuilt. 
© 2014 Warner Bros.. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
All rights reserved. 
While filming the scenes in Iceland, two of the bots corroded so badly that they had to be completely disassembled and rebuilt. 
© 2014 Warner Bros.. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
All rights reserved. 
While Christopher Nolan was making Interstellar, he decided to show a model of the movie's bots to his kids. 
They were extremely disappointed. 
That's not a robot, they told him. 
That's a box. 
Well, it's true: Nolan's intelligent machines, which he dreamed up with production designer Nathan Crowley, look for all the universe like slabs of metal. 
The main bot, named TARS which doesn't stand for anything, might as well be a distant cousin of 2001 ` s monolith. 
Then again, nothing in Nolan's world s is what it seems. 
When I let my kids play with the model, open it up, see different combinations, he says, they started getting really excited. 
Let's peek inside the box. 
Locomotion | TARS is basically a robotic Kit Kat bar. 
His four fingers can execute a two-legged gait, a crutch walk, a scissor kick, and a full-on four-legged gallop. 
Appendages | When the bot articulates, his fingers can subdivide into smaller, identical appendages. 
In the movie, we see three subdivisions, but the CG team prepped up to five. 
By that point, the extremities were like toothpicks. 
Personality | You could describe TARS as the film's comic relief. 
In collaboration with Nolan, actor Bill Irwin decided to play the character somewhere between a marine company commander and a gym teacher. 
Special Effects | F/x coordinator Scott Fisher, whose team built the eight robots used for production, estimates that 80 percent of the bot footage in the final cut was shot in-camera, no CG required. 
When things fold out in a way that's impossible, he says, your eye catches it and you know it's fake. 
CG was reserved for acts of extraordinary robotics, like when a bot named CASE turns into a massive asterisk and tumbles through water. 
Materials | Weighing almost 200 pounds, TARS is an aluminum skeleton skinned in stainless steel. 
It took six weeks and about $ 20,000 to build. 
But a real-life TARS? 
It'd definitely cost more, Fisher says. 
Accounting, ya know, for the whole AI thing. 
Performance | Tars's dialog wasn't dubbed after the fact -- Irwin recorded it live. 
But that's not all: He also operated the hydraulics that controlled the heavy machines. 
Irwin is a few inches taller than TARS, which meant erasing his forehead in postproduction. 
During filming in Iceland, Irwin had to work in thigh-deep water, and the robots' metal corroded so badly that two models had to be disassembled and rebuilt. 
Face | TARS isn't supposed to have a face, but he does have screens. 
The cast couldn't help themselves. 
It was a natural point of focus for them, visual f/x supervisor Paul Franklin says. 
Despite our attempts to erase all traces of humanoid form from it, people look for faces. 
Rakesh Mathur is the newly appointed CEO of a startup that markets itself as Uber without the assholes. 
And that means he's having a very good week. 
Flywheel is a taxi-hailing app that works with existing taxi companies, and it has long promised to avoid not only the mudslinging and the sabotage that have characterized Uber's climb to the top of the startup ladder, but also the surge pricing that periodically ups the cost of its rides. 
A recent pitch from the company's PR firm described it as the no-surge, non-asshole alternative to Uber and Lyft. 
Mathur is a firm believer that despite the flurry of activity in the taxi hailing space, the traditional taxi industry is not going anywhere. 
In fact, even though the industry is quickly losing ground to companies like Uber, Mathur says that Uber is the best thing that's happened to the taxi industry. 
It made them realize they have to modernize, he says of taxi companies. 
Mathur hopes Flywheel can be the company to help the industry do just that. 
It won't be easy to compete. 
Though Flywheel has just raised $ 12 million in funding, that's paltry compared to the whopping $ 1.2 billion Uber recently raised. 
Meanwhile, Flywheel is only operational in San Francisco, with ongoing tests in Seattle and Los Angeles. 
Uber, by contrast, is live in 46 countries and counting. 
Flywheel was founded in 2009 as a backend management system for taxi companies. 
In 2013, the company pivoted to become a ride hailing app, but it kept its commitment to these companies. 
Now, instead of working with independent contractors like Uber and Lyft do, Flywheel acts as a consumer app that aggregates existing taxi fleets. 
That means it will never institute surge pricing, a policy Uber created to convince more drivers to get on the road at peak times, because taxi drivers work on shifts and don't have to be convinced. 
That problem doesn't exist, Mathur says. 
Uber does have a similar service, called UberTaxi, but it's not available in every market. 
Plus, Mathur says, by partnering with taxi companies at the same time Uber threatens to topple the taxi industry publicly, the company is, in effect, jeopardizing its own drivers' livelihood. 
You can't bash the taxi industry all the time, like Travis has done in some of his interviews, and still attract the hearts and minds, and pocket books if the people who are driving taxis, Mathur argues, referring to Uber CEO Travis Kalanick. 
Still, all this hinges on the whether or not consumers actually care how much drivers are making or the fact that one Uber exec might want to spend millions of dollars digging up dirt on tech journalists. 
Sure, it's ugly. 
It's detestable. 
But the sad truth is, when it comes down to it, convenience and a good deal almost always trump ethics in a capitalist market. 
For evidence, see Wal-Mart. 
Uber's executives may have a relentless case of foot-in-mouth disease, and they may run sexist ad campaigns internationally, but when it's 15 degrees out, and you're standing in the freezing rain without an umbrella, the app that's going to win is not the one whose team is the most respectful of women if only! 
. 
The app that's going to win is the one that can send you a warm, dry ride before your extremities freeze off. 
People are going to go to the taxi apps that give them the right combination of convenience, price, and safety, says Rajeev Chand, managing director and head of research at the boutique investment bank Rutberg & Co. Whether that's a company that's dubbed by the competition as assholes or a company that has no public face at all. 
That's secondary in this market. 
Uber has the scale to be wherever you need it whenever you need it. 
That's not to say, of course, that Flywheel can't be successful. 
In fact, most experts agree that it's precisely because of that stuck-in-the-rain example that the taxi app industry is not a winner-take-all market. 
Mathur knows that as well as anyone. 
People will have Flywheel, Uber, Lyft and their hand in their air, he says. 
They're going to take whichever mode gets them the transportation the fastest. 
I can't help myself. 
I keep thinking of this io9 post with an interesting question. 
Let me refine it just a little bit. 
You are going back in time to the year 1234 AD to a location somewhere in Europe. 
For some crazy reason, you can bring one thing with you. 
What do you bring? 
yes, I have a loose definition of thing 
If you look around on the interwebs, you can find all sorts of pyramid type diagrams showing the needs of humans. 
Let me just make my own. 
Since I assume the first priority when going back in time is to survive, you would like to think about stuff that will help you with the bottom of the pyramid being the most important. 
Clearly you could only survive for a couple of minutes without air -- but that doesn't mean you should bring a space suit back in time but that might not be a terrible idea. 
I suspect that the at least the first 3 things air, water, food could be obtained in the past. 
Oh, what about the year 1234? 
This would probably be regarded as sometime in the Middle Ages in Europe. 
According to this Wikipedia page, the technology of the time included things like windmills and early mechanical clocks. 
There were cathedrals and castles for buildings and the military used bows and crossbows as well as heavy body armor. 
Gunpowder didn't appear in Europe until after 1300 so lets say it's not there. 
Written Knowledge. 
Bringing something with knowledge would be extremely useful. 
A book about medicine, agriculture or basic chemistry could be extremely useful. 
Maybe this book -- The Knowledge: How to Rebuild Our World From Scratch would be useful. 
But that's just one book. 
Maybe this other survival book might also be useful, but damn -- that would be two books. 
Electronic Book. 
A Kindle ebook reader would be another option. 
You could download a whole bunch of useful stuff. 
It would be your own personal library of knowledge. 
Too bad the Middle Ages are a lot like airports in the year 2005 -- not an electrical outlet anywhere. 
The Kindle product page lists the device as having a battery life of weeks. 
I suspect that's not good enough but it's better than the battery life of an iPad. 
An electronic device would be super useful, but you have to charge it. 
How could you charge a Kindle? 
I can think of two ways -- one of which might be considered cheating. 
The first way is to build a battery after you go back in time. 
It wouldn't be too hard. 
You just need an acid and two different types of metals here is an example battery made from pennies. 
It might be hard to find these materials, but I would suggest the first book on your Kindle be a book called how to build a battery from scratch. 
What about another method to charge your kindle? 
What about a solar panel on your Kindle? 
They actually make such a thing -- it's a Kindle case with a solar panel. 
Pretty awesome. 
You could load hundreds of useful books and just keep using the thing. 
Yes, you might consider this to be two things, but once you put the cover on the Kindle it might just count as one thing. 
A Weapon. 
Yes. 
You could bring a shotgun into the past. 
You might even be able do provide food and protection as well as clearly building a competitive advantage. 
I suspect that many locals might consider you to be too powerful to challenge. 
However, those that live by the shotgun might die by the arrow. 
It only takes one arrow and that's it -- you're dead. 
Plus, how much ammo could you bring? 
Even if it still counts as one thing, I think 20 shots would be about it. 
A Vehicle. 
Wouldn't it be nice to travel around? 
What better way to do this than with some type of vehicle. 
Does a motorcycle count as one thing? 
I think so. 
Here are some options for vehicles. 
Solar powered electric motorcycle. 
Something that can go off road would be nice. 
Armored Personnel Carrier -- you know, like a tank but on wheels and with more room inside. 
Yes, there is a problem with fuel -- but do you think if I had enough fuel for a few days I could eventually make more? 
Even if the thing ran out of gas, I could still live inside of it and it would offer great protection from the elements and other baddies. 
An awesome sailboat. 
Seriously. 
Wouldn't this work? 
It could almost certainly outrun any other boat of the time and you could live on it and travel. 
Maybe you could offer your services as a transportation person. 
You could travel to India and buy spices and bring them back. 
Why stop at a sailboat? 
Why not a nuclear powered submarine? 
Those things can run for quite a long time. 
Oh, but I might not be able to operate the thing. 
Wind Up Watch. 
That sounds silly, doesn't it? 
But just think how powerful you would be with a watch. 
They aren't battery powered, so you don't need to worry about that. 
But what can you do with a watch other than to know what time your favorite TV show comes on there's no TV. 
You can navigate. 
One of the biggest advancements in navigation was the invention of the watch. 
With an accurate time piece you can determine your longitude latitude is much easier to determine. 
You would be the king of navigation with a portable watch. 
Drugs -- the Useful Kind. 
Before the invention of antibiotics, you could get an infected scratch on your arm that could kill you. 
Really. 
A whole bunch of antibiotics would be very useful -- but is that one thing? 
Maybe a medicine bag would count as one thing. 
Also, you could keep some anti-itch cream in there. 
You know there must be many things that cause a rash. 
Some Other Ideas. 
Just for fun, here are some other things you could consider. 
A time machine. 
This way you could go Back to the Future and get some other stuff. 
A computer solar powered laptop. 
Sure, there wouldn't be any internet but you would have a bunch of knowledge and you could write some programs to calculate stuff. 
Smart phone. 
Again, solar powered. 
Even with a signal or gps, the thing would still have a camera and Angry Birds. 
Scuba diving gear -- or maybe a rebreather. 
Just think of all the useful work you could accomplish with this. 
Sunk boat? 
I 'll get that for you. 
What would you bring? 
How would your answers change if you went to the same time but a different location? 
A globe on a two-dimensional screen seems pretty dull compared to map projections that look like armadillos, butterflies, or deconstructed polygons. 
The azimuthal orthographic as it's formally known is hardly more than a snapshot of Earth from some distant point in space, right? 
Sure, except it was invented thousands of years before we had anything capable of flying into space to send back eyewitness accounts of our planet's shape. 
Before then, the only way to see Earth from an interstellar point of view was by combining math with crap-load of imagination. 
Most map projections bend and stretch the globe until it's flat enough to show the whole world at once. 
In other words, most map projections show you so much that they lose their perspective. 
The azimuthal orthographic is all about perspective. 
It also has geometric distortions, but only for tricking your brain into believing that the continents really are wrapping themselves realistically around the horizon. 
It is so good at doing this that it makes us see the world as if we were hundreds of thousands of miles away in space, and write the experience off as mundane. 
Or maybe the experience is mundane because it is so familiar. 
The azimuthal orthographic is thousands of years old. 
In the first century, Ptolemy described how a geographer named Hipparchus used the projection, which he called the analemma, to map the globe. 
Thanks to the jerks who burned down the Library of Alexandria, we don't have Hipparchus' original maps. 
Over the years, geographers toyed with the projection, but it was always overshadowed by other methods. 
It didn't get much attention until 1613, when a Belgian cartographer named Francois d’Aiguilon reintroduced the projection, and gave it the overwrought moniker we know it by today. 
D’Aiguilon was obsessed with the behavior of light. 
In his six volume treatise on optics, he presented the azimuthal orthographic as an extreme exercise in point of view. 
Imagining the azimuthal orthographic as looking down at Earth from a floating eye, d’Aiguilon figured that moving the eye up or down would change the distance to the horizon. 
In other words, the further you pull back, the more of the earth behind the horizon's curve you can see, to a maximum of exactly half of the planet even d’Aiguilon couldn't see around corners, mon ami. 
This was an extension of his work coming up with equations to measure how much a person could see from a given viewpoint. 
Carlos Furuti, a Brazilian cartographer whose website is an awesome resource for projections, shows how azimuthal orthographic projections can be used to calculate how much of Earth you can see at any altitude. 
For example, looking down from an airplane at 32,000 feet, you would be able to see about 221 miles in any direction. 
If you head up to the International Space Station, your view is increased to 1,250 miles. 
Impressive, but this is still only about 5 percent of Earth's total surface at a time. 
In order to get anywhere close to an entire hemisphere, our camera eye must retreat past the moon, over 230,000 miles away. 
But remember, Hipparchus, Ptolemy, and d’Aiguilon didn't need to know about airplanes, space stations, or even the distance to the moon in order to imagine how Earth's visible horizon would grow according to altitude. 
This is because they had imagination ok, trigonometry too. 
And their imaginations weren't limited to flying into the depths of space. 
The azimuthal orthographic has two sister projections that look at the earth in ways nature never intended. 
The first, called the gnomonic, has the imaginary viewing eye looking outward from the center of the earth. 
It has some cool navigational properties, but is perhaps most useful if you're trying to explain what the world looks like after smoking salvia. 
The second, called the azimuthal stereographic, also looks at the planet, but from an eye placed on the far side of the globe looking through it. 
Where the orthographic causes the continents to fall away, and the gnomonic stretches them into infinity, the stereographic moderately stretches them towards the edges. 
Their sizes are slightly off, but their shapes and arrangement stay true to life. 
As such, it's the most practical of the three, and is useful for teaching geography or plotting sea voyages. 
Not only does it make a pretty classy looking world map, Hipparchus also used it to map the stars. 
Nowadays, we tend to think of maps as tools for flattening the world and making its dimensions manageable. 
The azimuthal orthographic looked at the earth another way, by giving dimensions to the world's perceived flatness. 
The map might not tell us much about Earth that we don't already know, but it's an important reminder that only a few hundred people in all of history have every seen the earth's shape to confirm that it is, in fact, a globe. 
Apps and smartphones may captivate consumers and investors at the moment, but the future of technology will be much more dizzyingly weird. 
Chances are, the most radical innovations in the 21st century won't be built on silicon but on DNA. 
Over the past few years, the ease of crafting genes from scratch has gone way up, while the cost has gone way down. 
But while the curve of biology's version of Moore's law bends upward, major obstacles remain to the kind of startup explosion ignited in personal computing by better, cheaper digital technology. 
And the difference comes down to this: everything in Steve Jobs' garage was basically dry. 
Unlike other kinds of engineering, the essential materials of biotech are both wet and alive. 
And this makes working with them much more complicated than pulling out a laptop or a soldering iron. 
An effort is under way, however, to make working with wet stuff easier in the hope of putting biology on more equal footing with less viscous technologies. 
And one of the tools that has biohackers buzzing at the moment is the OpenTrons, an open-source liquid-handling robot designed to make biotech not just drier and faster but also a lot more accessible to anyone with an idea. 
The OpenTrons project originated at Genspace, a community biolab in Brooklyn founded in the DIY spirit of the Maker movement. 
Though genetic engineering technology has existed for decades, the practice of gene-splicing itself has mostly remained walled off within the confines of academic research institutions and corporate biotech. 
But enthusiast communities like Genspace have started to emerge around the world, inspired by the notion that putting biotechnology into the hands of more people could lead to a flourishing of creativity and discovery. 
Anyone who has ever worked in a biology lab or hung out in one knows the work can be tedious and repetitive. 
While the science itself is complex, the labor involved in experimenting and engineering largely consists of sucking liquid out of one vial with a handheld instrument called a pipette and squirting it back into another one. 
Our life science experts spend most of their time doing manual labor, Canine says. 
It's a huge bottleneck for research. 
As OpenTrons' creators point out, the process isn't just boring but also error-prone. 
Human eyes, hands, and brains just can't ensure the kind of precise consistency that a robot can. 
Lab robots are nothing new in biotech. 
But they tend to be incredibly expensive machines based on proprietary tech and intended for a narrow market of professional users. 
The OpenTrons, by contrast, is open source, meaning anyone can copy, build, and modify the tech as they see fit. 
Its brain is a Raspberry Pi microcomputer, which costs all of $ 35, and many of its other components built with off-the-shelf technology. 
The rapid rise of 3-D printing, Canine says, has led to a dramatic decrease in the price of the precision mechanical components needed to accurately transfer liquids. 
These components help keep the OpenTrons' price down to $ 2,000 for the basic model -- not trivial, but also less than the cost of a new iMac. 
The project, Canine says, also aims to the device's software as accessible as possible. 
Instead of a proprietary programming language, the OpenTrons uses a Javascript-based, drag-and-drop web interface for designing and running experiments. 
We're at the beginning of the digitization and automation of biotech, says Ryan Bethencourt, who helps run Indie Bio, an arm of SOS Ventures, which backed OpenTrons through its HAXLR8TR hardware accelerator. 
Bethencourt is also a backer of OpenTrons' Kickstarter. 
The beauty of OpenTrons is that it's built for researchers who don't want to program, who are used to modern and simple user interfaces. 
Canine's early hopes for OpenTrons may not sound glamorous. 
He's very excited about its potential to create standard, consistent lab protocols that yield regular, reproducible data. 
The very first thing for us is giving people the ability to email a protocol, he says. 
But he's also hopeful about the most ambitious applications for biotech. 
He says OpenTrons is working with Modern Meadow, which is working to print meat and leather without killing animals. 
He also sees great potential in synthetic biology, the branch of biotech working to stitch together novel organisms using one letter of the genetic alphabet at a time to brew everything from fertilizers to anti-malarial drugs. 
Whatever the application, Canine believes a better biotech future will be hastened the more hands and minds can be freed up from doing the grunt work of biology. 
Today people -- Ph.Ds -- spend most of their time moving tiny amounts of liquid by hand, he says. 
Our robot makes it so they don't have to do that. 
When a major law enforcement crackdown killed the Silk Road 2 earlier this month, it scattered the Dark Web's drug dealers. 
But one new and improved crypto market is welcoming and profiting from those refugees: an appropriately named website called Evolution. 
Since the FBI's and Europol's Operation Onymous seized dozens of Dark Web sites including the Silk Road 2, Evolution has more than tripled its rate of growth in new product listings, according to data collected by the non-profit Digital Citizens Alliance. 
That's helped the eBay-style contraband bazaar's drug offerings to grow more than 50 percent since September. 
Combined with the other products Evolution sells -- a mix of counterfeit documents, weapons and stolen credit card numbers -- it's now the biggest black market on the Dark Web. 
It has around 22,000 product listings in total, far more than either Silk Road 2 or the original Silk Road ever offered. 
Evolution is the new hot commodity, says Digital Citizens Alliance DCA research director Dan Palumbo. 
Clearly they're benefiting from the Silk Road 2 shutdown. 
Evolution was adding new product listings at a rate of between 80 and 90 a day before Operation Onymous, by the DCA's count. 
Since the seizure of drug markets including Silk Road 2, Hydra, Cloud 9 and Pandora, Evolution has now been adding around 280 product listings a day. 
Additionally, many Evolution vendors used to list their wares on Silk Road 2 as well, but now this will be the sole focus of their business, says Palumbo. 
Even before the Silk Road 2 was seized earlier and its alleged administrator Blake Benthall arrested, its popularity had been waning. 
It had been recently surpassed in size by not only Evolution, but also another drug site called Agora. 
As of a count of product listings by the DCA in late October, Agora was actually the top market on the collection of sites that run on the anonymity software Tor, with 18,250 listings. 
That was 2,000 more than the Silk Road and a few dozen more than Evolution, though Evolution's recent boost has allowed it to outpace Agora. 
Silk Road 2's plummeting market share resulted from a mixture of misfortune and incompetence: In early 2014 the site claimed it had been hacked, with $ 2.7 million worth of users' bitcoins stolen from its escrow services. 
Since then, it had offered no escrow at all, leaving buyers dangerously vulnerable to being scammed. 
Evolution doesn't just offer an escrow, but also takes advantage of a more advanced feature built into bitcoin known as multi-signature transactions. 
That feature is designed to prevent both scams and seizure of escrow funds by law enforcement. 
It requires two out of three parties -- the buyer, the user, and the site itself -- to sign off on a deal before the escrowed bitcoins can be transferred. 
Evolution has also had much faster pageload times than competitors, most of whom run painfully slowly thanks to Tor's process of routing web traffic among randomly chosen computers around the world. 
Just how Evolution managed those speeds despite running on Tor itself isn't clear. 
And it has been online far more reliably: The website Darknet Stats counts Evolution as online 97 percent of the time, compared with 83 percent for Agora and 93.5 percent for Silk Road 2 at last check in September. 
All of that has made Evolution the go-to haven for drug dealers fleeing the Silk Road 2. 
Another site calling itself Silk Road 3 in a bid to win over the Silk Road's users, by contrast, has less than a thousand listings. 
When someone calling himself the Dread Pirate Roberts held an ask me anything session in Reddit's dark net markets forum and claimed to be the new administrator of the Silk Road, he was mocked and asked questions like, Where do you plan on doing your upcoming stint in prison? 
Just how the new top black markets like Agora and Evolution survived the feds' Operation Onymous, however, isn't entirely clear. 
Some in the security community have speculated that the crackdown used a new de-anonymization attack against Tor, and that the only sites that were spared from that attack were those hosted in places like Russia or China, beyond western law enforcement's reach. 
In fact, the cops did seize one site calling itself Evolution: a scammy clone created to trick users into handing over their bitcoins. 
Security researcher Nik Cubrilovic has documented how as many as a third of sites seized by Operation Onymous were scam or clone sites, particularly knockoffs of many of the top drug markets including Agora and Evolution. 
By clearing out those clones, law enforcement may have actually cleaned up the Dark Web, removing fraudsters and making users feel safer spending their money on reputable black markets sites like Evolution. 
Evolution's rise in the Dark Web drug trade signals perhaps the final shift away from the political roots of the original Silk Road. 
The Silk Road's administrator known as the Dread Pirate Roberts, after all, espoused radical libertarian views and banned all but victimless contraband on the site. 
Evolution's creator, by contrast, is a mysterious figure known as Verto who previously ran the Tor Carding Forum, a credit card fraud site. 
And in addition to drugs, counterfeits and guns, Evolution also sells stolen credit cards, a kind of crime never allowed on the Silk Road. 
Evolution is the anti-Silk Road, says DCA's Palumbo. 
Rather than being centered around a libertarian ideal, it's just a business. 
If the new, post-crackdown Dark Web is darker, though, it's also smaller. 
Although Evolution has grown in the wake of Operation Onymous, the Dark Web drug market as a whole has been pruned dramatically to a total of about 44,000 listings compared with 65,500 listings in August, according to the DCA. 
That brings it below even the 46,000 listings on the sites in January of this year. 
But Palumbo says that given how fast the Dark Web grew over the last year, that setback isn't likely to last. 
If I had to guess, I would imagine you 'll see new sites pop up, and someone will take place of Silk Road as the third major market, he says, I wouldn't be shocked at all to see them overtake the total number of listings before the takedown. 
At the time, a technology known as virtualization was becoming easier to implement on PCs, allowing anyone to create a miniature operating system, known as a virtual machine, inside their main operating system. 
Rutkowska manipulated virtualization into a mind-contorting weapon called a Blue Pill attack. 
Without them knowing, her rootkit moved the victim's entire OS into a virtual machine controlled by the hacker, allowing everything the target did to be watched. 
The victim's digital world would suddenly exist inside an alternate reality, and no amount of antivirus or antirootkit scanning could break the system out of that aquarium. 
Your operating system swallows the Blue Pill and it awakes inside the Matrix, Rutkowska wrote in a blog post explaining the trick. 
Eventually she honed the maneuver so that not even launching another virtual machine inside the Blue Pilled system would glitch the illusion -- her attack supported a dream within a dream. 
Joanna Rutkowska | The metahacker turned the notion of spyware -- and defenses against it -- inside out. 
Joe McKendry 
But as years passed, no real-world instances of Blue Pill attacks were discovered, even after other researchers developed tests capable of detecting the technique. 
Rutkowska's explanation? 
For normal spies and cybercriminals, ordinary rootkits work just fine. 
There are still so many places in a Windows kernel to hide traditional malware, she says. 
I was as vulnerable as any other user. 
This was annoying. 
So Rutkowska flipped the game, this time in favor of the defenders. 
Four years ago her Warsaw-based firm, Invisible Things Lab, started developing its own operating system known as Qubes. 
The free open source OS lets users set up a collection of virtual machines on their PC, with a simple central interface to manage each quarantined system. 
Careful users can keep their personal online activities isolated in one virtual machine, for instance, while they do their work in another, and their banking in a third. 
Rutkowska typically runs about 15. 
Open a malicious email attachment or click on an infected website and the malware can't break out of that one contaminated container. 
If it works as promised, even NSA-level exploits would be contained to a single compartment in Qubes' architecture, one that could be evaporated and re-created at will. 
Recovering from even the nastiest hacker attack, in other words, could soon be as easy as waking from a bad dream. 
Left: Kalamboli to Pune Road, India. 
Kalamboli to Pune Road, India. 
Right: Visakhapatnam to Brahmapur Road, India. 
Dan Eckstein Left: Bhubaneswar to Balasore Road, India. 
Right: Delhi to Jaipur Road, India. 
Dan Eckstein Left: Brahmapur to Bhubaneswar Road, India. 
Right: Bhubaneswar to Balasore Road, India. 
Dan Eckstein Left: Nellore to Vijayawada Road, India. 
Right: Vijayawada to Visakhapatnam Road, India. 
Dan Eckstein Left: Jaipur to Ajmer Road, India. 
Right: Kalamboli to Pune Road, India. 
Dan Eckstein 
Left: Kalamboli to Pune Road, India. 
Kalamboli to Pune Road, India. 
Right: Visakhapatnam to Brahmapur Road, India. 
Dan Eckstein Left: Bhubaneswar to Balasore Road, India. 
Right: Delhi to Jaipur Road, India. 
Dan Eckstein Left: Brahmapur to Bhubaneswar Road, India. 
Right: Bhubaneswar to Balasore Road, India. 
Dan Eckstein Left: Nellore to Vijayawada Road, India. 
Right: Vijayawada to Visakhapatnam Road, India. 
Dan Eckstein Left: Jaipur to Ajmer Road, India. 
Right: Kalamboli to Pune Road, India. 
Dan Eckstein 
The cargo trucks criss-crossing India are brash, psychedelic folk art. 
They're covered from bumper to bumper in religious iconography, talismans, and all manner of elaborate motifs, prompting the men behind their wheels to affectionately call them their painted ladies. 
With a lot of the truck drivers there's a little bit of machismo, said Eckstein. 
They're smoking cigarettes, chewing tobacco, and listening to their music. 
There's a feeling of adventure and the open road. 
The drivers had a bit of swagger and were quite serious when he made their portraits, but that melted away as soon as they saw their photos on the back of his camera. 
Then they were all smiles. 
The trucks are drivers' homes for weeks at a time while they haul goods all over the country. 
They work in teams of two or three, driving in shifts, taking turns sleeping in bunks, and having meals at simple truck stops along the way. 
Whether Hindu, Muslim, Sikh, or Christian -- there's usually ample evidence by the illustrations on the tailgate, sides, and the shrines installed in the cabs. 
If a driver is from the north, his good luck garlands may include chiles and limes. 
If he's from the south, conch shells replace the chiles. 
Talismans against the evil eye include devilish faces or the image of a shoe, all carefully hand-painted. 
It's a little hectic, Eckstein said. 
There's every kind of vehicle -- ox-drawn carts, shepherds bringing flocks through the highway, and cows wandering around. 
People don't stick to one lane or another. 
The trucks are bold expressions of individuality and repositories of masculine, laboring pride. 
Drivers treat their rigs as evolving works of art, periodically commissioning a new illustration from roadside artists like one might collect tattoos. 
The title Horn Please was inspired by the ubiquitous request painted in stylized lettering on the back of nearly every cargo vehicle. 
The many variations of the phrase encourage car drivers to sound their horn in alert when they plan to pass a truck, though Eckstein claims no encouragement is necessary. 
In India, the horn is going constantly to let everyone know where you are and where you're going, he says. 
It's an essential tool for navigating the road. 
The song comes from their 1979 album Fear of Music and seems to be set in an urban dystopia with bands of freedom fighters skulking in the shadows. 
There's meager rations, a cacophony of gunfire, and street-level espionage. 
In short, everything one might expect in a song about a post-apocalyptic wasteland. 
Like I said, better pick up this track on cassette just to be safe. 
-LSB- YouTube -RSB- 
A potash mine in the Perm region, Russia, has collapsed, leaving behind a gigantic sinkhole in the middle of an abandoned town. 
It's scary but that's not the real bad news: a connected mine just few miles away sits right underneath a town full of people and houses and experts say it may collapse too. 
Earlier this week, RT reports, Uralkali's Solikamsk-2 potash was evacuated because of a sudden influx of salty water. 
Then, the sinkhole appeared, proving just how unstable the ground is. 
An underground tunnel plugged only a concrete barrier links the mine to Solikamsk-1, which is the second mine that sits under an inhabited town. 
Yeah, it's probably a good time to get the hell out. 
It's one of those Thanksgiving fun facts I loved repeating when I was a kid: Ben Franklin liked turkeys so much that he wanted them to be our national bird, instead of the bald eagle. 
It's a popular fun fact. 
But I was shattered to learn as an adult that this little nugget of trivia isn't quite true. 
So where does this myth come from? 
Back in 1784, Franklin wrote a letter to his daughter in which he disapproves of the country adopting the bald eagle as our national symbol. 
He claims that the drawing that had been produced looked like a turkey anyway and that such a bird would actually be preferable to the eagle. 
Franklin explained that the bald eagle had a bad moral character and was a rank coward that merely steals from other birds. 
I am on this account not displeased that the figure is not known as an Eagle, but looks more like a Turkey. 
For the truth, the Turkey is in comparison a much more respectable bird, and withal a true original native of America ... He is besides, though a little vain and silly, a bird of courage, and would not hesitate to attack a grenadier of the British Guards who should presume to invade his farm yard with a red coat on. 
So yes, he did float the idea that a turkey might be a better bird for a national symbol. 
But only within the context that people were claiming the bald eagle symbol already looked like a turkey. 
He never actually advocated this notion publicly or seriously. 
So feel free to play the obnoxious pedant over Thanksgiving dinner after everybody is nice and liquored up. 
But make sure you yell DEBUNKED as you flip over the dinner table. 
FACTUALLY RULES, is also acceptable. 
Have you ever filled your teapot up more than halfway in your life? 
Oh, you have? 
Well, not all of us are constantly having wild parties with dozens of friends for whom to make tea. 
The rest of us are usually only making one or two cups -- and that's who the design team at the Dutch studio Droog made this teapot for. 
It's called Tea for One alternate name: Forever Alone Pot, and it got several layers of jokes attached to it: First of all, it's a play on the classic Utah teapot found in many 3D-modeling softwares. 
Second of all, it's part of a collection of objects that were designed for a gallery show about copy-cat design. 
The designers took a classic Chinese design and chopped off part of the body -- it's just different enough, but still virtually a copy. 
Anyways, if you're interested in the conceptual underpinnings of this particular teapot, you can read more on Droog's site. 
Everyone else can pick one up here. 
-LSB- Gessato -RSB- 
You can do some crazy shit with satellite imagery. 
What kinds of crazy shit? 
Well, for one, a startup's spying on the shadows of half-built skyscrapers in China and then selling the data to investors who want to predict what the real estate market. 
That's crazy! 
The startup is run by former Googler James Crawford, the guy who was once in charge or scanning millions of books and making them searchable. 
Crawford's new company, Orbital Insights, offers a whole menu of services that take advantage of the, uhhh, insights offered by time-stamped satellite imagery, The Wall Street Journal reports. 
The Journal reports that Orbital Insights is not only monitoring construction sites in 30 Chinese cities but also watching farms to see what kinds of crop yields they might produce and analyzing the parking lots of big box stores so that their competitors can try to guess their sales numbers. 
Apparently, hedge funds are willing to buy this kind of data in troves. 
This is surely only the beginning. 
Now that Google is giving away satellite images for free, we should be expecting all kinds of crazy business models to pop up. 
And as cubesats become cheaper and more prevalent, we 'll certainly see some insane innovation in the arena of real-time satellite images. 
Then, all of your Enemy of the State-inspired nightmares will come true. 
-LSB- WSJ via BLDG BLOG -RSB- 
Ikea is over 70 years old, which means the company has survived through dozens upon dozens of design trends, from stuffy conservatism in the late 1940s to the craziness of the 60s. 
Wonderfully, the company is now plucking classics from its archives to sell in some stores. 
As one of the only mass-produced furniture companies to survive this long, Ikea is at a distinct advantage when it comes to the vintage crazes of today's consumers. 
Because it doesn't need to draw up faux-retro designs based on the past -- it can just re-issue the original pieces that sparked those trends. 
And so they have: Starting earlier this year with a collection called ÅRGÅNG, made up of more than 20 pieces. 
We took the liberty of pairing some of the designs with the archival catalogs kept on the Ikea communication team's excellent Pinterest that they originally belonged to, accompanied by some text from those catalogs that Ikea released with its press materials. 
They're all limited edition, but don't fret if you missed one -- if you live long enough, they 'll probably come back around. 
In the company's own words, it's the IKEA circle of life. 
Originally called SILA, here's how this pendant lamp was originally described in the 1959 Ikea catalog and poorly translated by Google: SILA filters the light to a mild and pleasant light over your table. 
A nice and dashing the news that the modern youth certainly become fond of. 
You know how modern youth can be. 
Today Ikea is selling this chair under the name Strandmon, but it hails from 1951, when it was known as MK and appeared in the earliest Ikea catalog. 
Back then, the company said that the chair represents the best Swedish furniture industry has to offer. 
It is soft and comfortable to sit in and gives full rest to the whole body. 
Recommended for those who want something extra in terms of style and quality. 
As we wrote last year when Ikea reissued this little leaf-shaped table, today known as Lövbacken, this is the product that actually inspired Ikea's flatpack stance. 
In 1956, the designer was trying to fit it in his car -- so he sawed off the legs and reattached them later. 
Even in the 1950s, neighboring Denmark had enviable furniture chops. 
This set from 1957 was designed to cop to the Dane-bred style of the day. 
You can tell right away that this group is Danish, but what is the reason for the typical Danish style? 
, the 1957 catalog explained. 
Well, we can reveal, the Danes are artists that treat the wood, producing silky luster of their furniture. 
Group ESBJERG is a good representative of the best in Danish furniture art, just look at its restrained simple lines and sinking down into the really soft cushions. 
Today it's called EKENÄSET, and it's just as stylish as it was almost 70 years ago. 
Here's one Ikea catalog that shows a very similar design in 1959. 
Las Vegas must 've seemed quite glamorous in Sweden of the late 1950s -- which would explain the name of this trestled coffee table from 1957. 
Ikea called it fresh and chipper, and an ultra modern creation for present and future. 
It was right: This almost 70-year-old table looks similar to what you'd find in the average furniture boutique today. 
This chair was actually designed by the architect Jorge Ferrari-Hardoy in the early 1940s, and it's been knocked off so consistently over the past six decades, it won't feel retro at all. 
In 1959, Ikea's own so-called Butterfly chair was sold to consumers as an outdoor chair for indoor use. 
Why not in the modern living room or youth room? 
, Ikea asked of its sustainable and ` fun' chair. 
You could sit freely for 27 kroner, which by today's conversion rates would work out to about $ 3. 
Adjust for inflation, that's about $ 25. 
It goes for $ 30 on Ikea's website, a little more than the original. 
But then, a lot has changed since Ikea first started selling it to the Swedish public in 1959. 
I signed up for Spotify three years ago, the day the service launched in the United States. 
$ 400 in subscription fees later, I'm still a member, and I 've never regretted the money for a second. 
But for the first time since joining, I'm actually tempted to leave. 
YouTube Music Key might just win me over. 
I have tried basically every possible streaming music service. 
Not just because it's part of my job, but because I'm a music nut and I want to use the best. 
I 've never felt a compelling reason to leave my original Spotify subscription behind. 
I 've come close and really like some competitors, but in the end all services have basically the same catalogs. 
They all use variations on the same discovery and recommendation systems. 
For whatever neat interface improvement or deep cut catalog nugget I could find in competitive streaming services, ultimately there was never enough of a reason to stomach the inconvenience of transitioning to something new. 
Spotify had my playlists and my playback history. 
Plus, it has the most subscribers in the United States, so I 've got a lot of friends on board, too. 
And then Google introduced YouTube Music Key, which gives YouTube all of the functionality its users have been clamoring for. 
First, you can watch music videos without any advertisements, so no more pre-roll before every darn Vevo hit. 
Second, you can now cache videos and playlists for offline playback on your phone. 
And finally, music will now continue to play in the background even when you switch to another app or lock your phone. 
All of that, plus you get access to a full Google Music subscription, which is basically a Spotify clone. 
Once trials and introductory pricing wear off -- you can get in for $ 8/month for a limited time, and the first six months are free -- the whole shebang will cost $ 10 per month, the same exact amount as Spotify. 
In other words, you get the regular subscription music service you would be paying for anyway, plus a suite of neat new features that no one else can offer. 
YouTube Music Key might just the compelling feature that actually differentiates it from the glut of otherwise identical services. 
I'm currently paying for both Google Music/YouTube Music Key and Spotify, and I'm having a hard time deciding which one I 'll stick with. 
My ties to Spotify are so deep that I never really though it would be a question. 
Hydrogen fuel cells are a cool technology that were perfected to enable humans to go to the moon. 
Now that they're perfected even more, they're enabling humans to go to work or the liquor store, and, incredibly, this is progress. 
The Toyota Mirai is an example of this remarkable progress. 
Funny looking, maybe, but it works. 
Let's just get the way it looks out of the way right up front: the Mirai is sort of ugly. 
I do appreciate that it doesn't look like everything else out there -- I appreciate that a lot -- but I don't think I can say the design is successful as such. 
I think the profile isn't bad, and I like a number of the details -- the black beltline, the handling of the C-pillar -- but those massive and mostly fake side intakes are just so distracting and brutal-looking. 
In white, it makes the car look like a Stormtrooper's helmet. 
Now, it's worth remembering that the Mirai is set to sell for $ 57,000, I think they did the right thing -- just maybe not in the best way -- by making the car look dramatically different. 
You don't want to spend nearly $ 60 grand on a technologically advanced car and have it just look like any old Prius. 
You want people to know that you live in the fucking future, people. 
The FUTURE. 
The look is supposed to emphasize the intaking of air, and it certainly does that. 
And, really, this car does take in a crapload of air, some of which it uses to combine with Hydrogen to make water and electricity, and some of it is used to keep all that electricity and water making equipment cool. 
The Mirai has four separate radiators/condensers and cooling loops, in fact: 
Technically, the Mirai is a very interesting car. 
The fundamental principles are the same as in other fuel-cell cars, but unlike fuel-cell vehicles like the Hyundai Tuscon, the Mirai has been designed from the ground up, on its own proprietary platform, to be a fuel-cell car. 
That way, all the components can be distributed throughout the chassis for optimal packaging and weight distribution. 
In the Mirai, the layout has the 153 HP motor and controller units up front, the fuel cell stack under the front seats, the hydrogen tank under the back seats and the storage battery behind the rear seatback. 
There's a lot of hardware all along the length of the car, but despite that the interior seems fairly roomy. 
The rear seat floors have a sort of strange ramp-up where they meet the bottoms of the front seats, and the back seatrest won't fold down thanks to tanks and bulkheads, but there's decent room. 
The only real novel control that reveals it's fuel-cell nature is a lone button marked H20 that lets you purge the waste-water resovoir. 
In essence, it's a button to make the car pee. 
I still can't believe they're not storing the water in some clean radiator and then providing an on-dash water tap, but they claim it doesn't taste that great. 
Well, what if I just want it for washing purposes? 
Or to make Kool-Aid? 
Did you think of that, Toyota? 
It starts and feels like any electric car -- that is, pretty quietly, with maybe a bit more whirrs and hums from the fuel-cell components. 
Taking off in gear, I actually managed to chirp the wheels a bit, to the surprise of myself and the Toyota people with me. 
So that's fun. 
Driving around a little loop in downtown LA, this thing just feels like a bigger Leaf, or Plug-in Prius in EV mode. 
It's fine. 
Acceleration is decent, and sure, it's heavy, but not so much that it actually feels ponderous. 
And when it comes to filling those tanks, right now some customers -- Toyota doesn't really specify the criteria as to which customers they mean, but I suggest you dress in something sexy when you ask -- get three years of free hydrogen. 
This is partially due to the fact that the method of selling hydrogen isn't really worked out, and is basically the same as what Hyundai is doing. 
It tastes fine, I thought. 
Maybe a little outdoor-hose-water-ish, but that's more the result of all the pipes and plastic and metal it's flowing through. 
I think the water itself is just that, pure water. 
So they should still pump it into a tap on the dash. 
And, if they did, then that could be the only really unusual-seeming thing about driving this car, compared to almost any other electric or hybrid car. 
The problem of making a viable, usable hydrogen fuel-cell car is clearly solved. 
Now we just have to figure out the whole hydrogen distribution part, and that's a much bigger deal. 
People ask us all the time whether they should buy a new-gen console? 
Should they get an Xbox One? 
A PS4? 
For a year, we 've told people to not bother with either. 
Now, we think you should make the leap, especially if you're a console-only gamer. 
But which one to get? 
We're not going to tell you which one is better, because, frankly, it's an unresolvable debate. 
PS4 vs. Xbox One? 
There are good things and bad things about both machines. 
In fact, it's a little surprising how the rivals have leveled off. 
For most of the last year, we were far more impressed with the PS4 last year than we were with the Xbox One, but a series of software improvements and smart business decisions by Microsoft has closed the gap between the consoles. 
In late 2013, the sleek, powerful PS4 wowed us more than the chunky, clunky Xbox One. 
A year later? 
We think it's a more even fight. 
Nevertheless, the PS4 and Xbox One are not identical, so we 've got some comparing to do. 
Hopefully the comparison will help you determine which console is better for you or whether you might want to go all in and get both ... or neither. 
A note about Nintendo's console: Nintendo's Wii U has evolved into a superb console of its own, but is by and large a Nintendo machine. 
Want to play wonderful, new versions of Smash Bros., Mario Kart, and Pikmin? 
Want to play excellent sequels, such as Super Mario 3D World and the surprise Nintendo-exclusive Bayonetta 2? 
Want to do any of this on a console that lets you play the games on a handheld screen if your TV is being used for other stuff? 
Pay the $ 299 Nintendo tax and get a Wii U. Dwindling third-party support means that there is virtually no more overlap between the games released for XboxOne/PS4/PC and Nintendo's home console. 
A good thing, because you won't feel like your devices are redundant, but a bad thing, because you 'll need to buy more expensive stuff to play every game. 
A note about PC gaming: If you have a good gaming PC or are interested in getting one, you may not need a PS4 or Xbox One yet. 
Most of the top games on the new-gen consoles -- including such buzzworthy late-2014 games as Dragon Age Inquisition, Shadow of Mordor, Assassin's Creed Unity and Alien: Isolation are all available on PC. 
Many of the consoles' best indie games, like Transistor, Don't Starve, TowerFall: Ascension and Super Time Force are also on PC. 
Skipping the new consoles now and sticking just with a PC won't cost you access to that many exclusive games yet you'd basically just miss the Sony-published PS4 games and some, but not all of the Microsoft-published Xbox One games. 
So if you can live without playing Infamous Second Son PS4, LittleBigPlanet 3 PS4, Sunset Overdrive Xbox One, and Halo: The Master Chief Collection Xbox One and you 've got a good way to play the best new games on your TV -- and if you don't mind waiting until early next year to play the superb new first-person-enabled version of Grand Theft Auto V -- then stick with PC gaming for now. 
They're both pretty beefy. 
The Xbox One and PS4 are both powerful consoles. 
The best-looking games for the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 -- Halo 4 and The Last of Us, arguably -- are already visually outclassed by the likes of the new consoles' versions of Shadow of Mordor, Assassin's Creed Unity and Grand Theft Auto V. 
They're not identical, but it's close. 
The specs for the consoles are not identical, and close analysis of this first year's games has regularly revealed a small performance advantage for the PS4 higher resolution graphics, for example, the kind you might notice if looking at the game running on each console side-by-side. 
But Xbox One games tend to look phenomenal as well, and in at least one case -- Assassin's Creed Unity -- seem to perform better on Microsoft's console. 
History shows that developers get better at programming for consoles as the years go by, which would either close any performance gaps or accentuate them. 
It's too early to say. 
Games cost the same. 
Major game releases cost $ 60 each on both consoles. 
They 've got mostly the same third-party games. 
The PS4 and Xbox One run many of the same games and largely have parity in terms of third-party support. 
All major games from Ubisoft, Activision and Take Two have come to both consoles. 
EA released the multiplayer shooter Titanfall exclusively on Xbox platforms and Microsoft secured console exclusivity for Dead Rising 3 from Capcom and the next Tomb Raider from Square Enix/Eidos possibly a timed exclusive there. 
The massively multiplayer Final Fantasy XIV: A Realm Reborn is available for PS4, not Xbox One. 
Otherwise, from existing blockbusters such as Call of Duty, Assassin's Creed, FIFA and GTA to next year's Metal Gear Solid V, Evolve and The Division, big third-party games come to PS4 and Xbox One and generally on the exact same day. 
There aren't many exclusives on either side. 
Neither system has an overwhelming number of exclusive games yet, so PS4 and Xbox One owners would likely still find a lot of overlap in their software collections. 
They both update when they're turned off. 
Both of the new consoles are designed to patch and update your games the PS4 does this more smoothly at the moment. 
Both have somewhat cluttered but well-stocked online stores. 
They each ship with 500GB hard drives and require just about every game to be installed the Xbox One supports external hard drives ; the PS4 does not, though the PS4 HDD is pretty easily swappable for a bigger one. 
They both let you start playing most games while they're downloading or installing. 
Achievements and trophies are still a thing. 
They both have Achievement-like systems. 
As has been the case for a while, Sony calls theirs Trophies. 
They both support cross-game voice chat for parties of up to eight people. 
Cross-game chat was previously something the Xbox 360 could do that the PS3 couldn't. 
You can use your real name on both. 
In a change from the previous generation, both allow players to be identified by their friends by their real name instead of by a handle. 
This is optional, so you can keep masquerading as CoolBro420 if you want to. 
Both controllers are similar to their predecessors. 
They each have evolutionary controllers that are similar to the ones from the previous generation, though the PS4's new DualShock 4 feels like the more substantial design overhaul when compared to its predecessor the DualShock 3. 
The Xbox One's controller includes more advanced force feedback rumbling, and it runs off of AA batteries. 
The PS4's controller has a colorful light bar, a touch pad, and a speaker, and runs off of an internal battery that you 'll need to regularly recharge thankfully, unlike the PS3, the PS4 lets you charge your controller while the system is in sleep mode. 
None of those features have amounted to anything all that special, so, for controller preference, it's still largely a matter of which one you personally prefer. 
Additional controllers for both consoles cost $ 60 each. 
They both charge players for online multiplayer. 
You need PlayStation Plus for the PS4 $ 50 annual subscription and Xbox Live Gold for the Xbox One $ 60 annual subscription. 
Both paid services give you games. 
Both the PlayStation Plus and Xbox Live Gold services give players access to free games each month and let you keep the games as long as you're a subscriber. 
Because there are relatively few new games out for the new consoles, the freebie games for PS4 and Xbox One tend to be indies, whereas the freebie games subscribers can get for last-gen consoles tend to be bigger releases. 
For example, in November 2014, Gold users can get a game called Volgarr The Viking for free on Xbox One but also get Viva Pinata: Trouble In Paradise and Red Faction: Guerilla for the Xbox 360. 
That indie/big-game divide isn't always the case, though. 
Keeping it a bit more indie all around in the same month, Plus members get The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth, Steamworld Dig and Escape Plan originally for the PS Vita for free for PS4, but also Frozen Synapse and Luftrausers for PS3. 
And in December, PS4 users of Plus will get free copies of the big-budget DC Comics fighting game Injustice. 
They're both indie-friendly. 
Sony and Microsoft have both aggressively courted indie game developers and have been rolling out indies on their platforms Nintendo's been getting into this, too but, of course, the PC is still by far the leading platform for anyone who wants to play great indie games. 
Neither one is backwards compatible. 
Neither system will run a game disc from the previous generation, though the PS4 does offer last-gen games via a streaming program that will be explained below. 
Both offer cameras of limited utility. 
The Xbox One used to ship with a Kinect sensor that could be used for voice and gestural control of the system's interface and in many of its games. 
The Kinect is no longer packed in and has seen few games made that require it standouts include Dance Central Spotlight and Disney Fantasia: Music Evolved. 
It costs over $ 100. 
Sony's PlayStation 4 Camera $ 60 allows for some voice control of the system. 
Both devices allow users to log into their respective consoles via facial recognition. 
Neither feels essential to the new-gen console experience. 
Both normally cost $ 400. 
When the Xbox One launched, it cost $ 500, $ 100 more than the PS4. 
But the removal of Kinect from the console's base offering dropped the two machines down to the same price, $ 400. 
Microsoft is currently running a holiday promotion that drops the Xbox One down further to $ 350. 
Both machines are often bundled with games. 
Both let you stream lots of different media. 
Both machines support a variety of media-streaming apps. 
They both have Netflix and Amazon Prime. 
and Hulu Plus. 
There are some notable differences: Xbox One has HBO Go, which the PS4 doesn't yet have. 
The Xbox One also has an NFL app of limited utility. 
The PS4 is slim, the Xbox One is chunky. 
One of the biggest differences between the PS4 and the Xbox One is that, well, the PS4 is a slick, slender console and the Xbox One is the Duke controller of game consoles. 
The PS4 lets you play streaming PS3 games it costs money. 
The PS4 lets users play PS3 games through the recently-launched PlayStation Now service. 
You can stream any of a number of games if your Internet connection is fast enough to handle a two-way streaming signal you're basically remotely playing on a PS3 that is in some server farm somewhere. 
The games will support your older PS3 save files, but you have to pay to access these games, even if you owned them. 
The Now service is pricey. 
Four-hour rentals tend to go for about $ 2 - $ 5 with longer month-long rentals nearly matching the price of just buying an old copy of the game. 
Of course, the store-bought copy of the PS3 game wouldn't run on the PS4, so it's really your only option. 
You can play PS4 games on your Vita handheld. 
People who own a PlayStation Vita can use it to Remote Play any game running on their PS4. 
In theory this means you could play a PS4 game on a Vita from anywhere in the world, but Remote Play is dependent on having a really good Internet connection. 
In our experience, Remote Play is best for same-room or same-house sessions when the TV is either too far away or in use for something else. 
Remote Play has gotten much better over the last year, especially when game developers go out of their way to come up with solid adapted control schemes for the Vita. 
The PS4 lets you hand the controller to a friend in another zip code. 
The PS4 also supports a new feature called Share Play, which allows any paying PlayStation Plus subscriber to host a session of most PS4 games that they own, enabling a second, remote PS4 user to spectate the host's game through their console and on their TV. 
The host player can virtually hand control of the game to the guest player, enabling the recipient to play PS4 games that they don't have, remotely, via their friend's PS4. 
Sony sells this idea, in part, as a way for one player to help another through a tough spot in a game. 
There might be too much lag for that to work for twitch-based games, but the service otherwise works pretty well. 
Share Play sessions are limited to an hour, but the clock can be re-started at any time. 
You 'll need a decent Internet connection and a PlayStation Plus subscription for it. 
The Xbox One lets you suspend your games. 
The Xbox One doesn't have a Remote Play option nor a Share Play mode no reason why they couldn't eventually get the latter, but it does have an excellent game suspend mode. 
Console gamers have been accustomed to having to load a video game before they start it, but the Xbox One can actually suspend a game, let you power the console off into a low-power mode and then, when you turn the machine back on, let you pick up the game right where you left it -- no loading. 
It can only do this for one game at a time, but it basically removes the need to boot up the game you 've been most avidly playing. 
Turn on the console and the game is waiting for you to continue playing, exactly where you left off. 
Sony indicated back in early 2013 that it was going to offer a similar option, but they 've yet to deliver. 
The Xbox One can show two things at once. 
The Xbox One has a semi-useful thing called Snap. 
Basically, it's a split-screen option that will run certain applications in a vertical band on the right side of your TV screen while running a game or other application on the left. 
The console does this thanks to its unusual system architecture that has different operating systems handling what's on the different portions of your TV. 
The problem is that Microsoft hasn't found many good uses for Snap. 
You can snap a list of the Achievements for the game you're playing, which is cool if you want to track your progress in achieving them in real-time. 
You can Snap a TV signal from your cable box, if your cable box is plugged into your Xbox One. 
You can keep a list of your Xbox Live friends snapped, watch a Twitch Stream snapped, and so on. 
A lot of that may sound cool, but most of it is stuff you might as well do with a second screen like your phone, tablet or laptop. 
Xbox One has DLNA support, PS4 does not. 
Sony has taken some hits for still not supporting DLNA in-home media-streaming yet. 
They 've indicated that they will, but at the moment, the Xbox One is the only new-gen console that will let you stream media from other devices in your home. 
The Xbox One can integrate with your cable box. 
One of the biggest differences between the consoles should be that the Xbox One has an HDMI-in. 
That means you can plug a cable box -- or even another console -- into the Xbox One and have its video and audio play through the Microsoft machine. 
The Xbox team initially promoted this option as a way to unify your home entertainment devices, by having everything that would connect to your TV funnel through the Xbox One. 
In theory, your cable TV signal wouldn't just flow through the Xbox One but be improved by it through a feature called the One Guide that would allow you to track what's on TV and what's also available through streaming apps. 
In practice, most of us at Kotaku who initially plugged our cable boxes into our Xbox Ones have since disentangled them. 
The benefits weren't worth any signal lag that we experienced. 
In the long term, we suspect that the biggest differences between the Xbox One and the PlayStation 4 will be the games. 
Currently, there are a handful of notable exclusives that are on one console and not its rival. 
Sony has more top internal game studios, but Microsoft has a pretty good crew, too: While Microsoft seems to still be interested in grabbing exclusives from third-party publishers see: the next Tomb Raider and Sony is publishing a spiritual sequel to the Dark Souls games in next year's Bloodborne, most of the consoles' exclusive games will come from first-party studios. 
Sony has the advantage here with a network of game studios that include Naughty Dog Uncharted, The Last of Us, Guerilla Games Killzone, Japan Studio Ico, The Puppeteer, Media Molecule LittleBigPlanet, Tearaway, Polyphony Digital Gran Turismo, Sony Santa Monica God of War, Sony San Diego MLB: The Show, London Studio Playroom and more. 
Microsoft's operation is smaller, with its major internal studios consisting of 343 Industries Halo, Lionhead Fable, Rare Kinect Sports, Turn 10 Forza, Black Tusk forthcoming Gears of War, and, technically, Mojang Minecraft. 
Do you love baseball? 
If you're into baseball games, Sony makes MLB: The Show, the de facto only one that matters. 
The Xbox One has no Major League Baseball games. 
Do you love EA? 
If you like EA games, Microsoft has an exclusive on a paid program called EA Access that provides discounts and early access to some EA games as well as free copies of some older releases. 
We could go on an on. 
Doubtless, many owners of the systems will have a lot that they can add to this, and we encourage them to do so in the comments below. 
But do we really not have a preference? 
If you asked any of us on the staff to pick between an Xbox One and a PS4, would we really not be able to make a choice? 
A year ago, and even just six months ago, a lot of us leaned heavily toward the PS4. 
The system had some special features, but we liked it primarily for the one thing we wanted it to do -- play games -- really well. 
The Xbox One was a more confusing machine that seemed weighed down by a bunch of design decisions tied to using the machine as an enhancer to a cable TV box and yet shipped without some basic gamer-friendly features like a controller battery-power indicator or even a way to tell how much hard drive space you had left available both issues have since been fixed. 
Microsoft, however, started closing the gap with a series of system software updates that made some of its odder features, such as Snap, work better. 
It turns out that the Xbox One is a perfectly good modern gaming console, a fact underlined by some strong fall Xbox-only games amid a surprisingly weak late-2014 PS4-only gaming line-up. 
As a result, we feel pretty good about both consoles these days. 
You kind of can't go wrong. 
Aside from the temporary holiday discount for the Xbox One, the two machines basically cost the same amount of money. 
They largely run the same games. 
If you're a huge Halo fan, then of course, get the Xbox One. 
If you're a baseball person, the PS4 is the no-brainer. 
But the vast majority of new-gen games run on both consoles. 
Perhaps the deciding factor will ultimately be wherever your friends are. 
Both consoles are machines geared toward social interaction. 
They're full of activity feeds and support for chat and messaging. 
They're designed to make you feel close to and competitive with the friends you have who also are in the same Xbox Live or PlayStation Network universe. 
So maybe, after reading all of this and weighing the pros and cons you just ask your friends. 
Which one do they have? 
Go get that one. 
Or decide to get the one you want and then convince them to come along and do the same. 
Well, free of Google ads at least. 
As it true with the company's current publishing revenue model AdSense, part of your contribution will go to the creators of all those lovely words, phrases, and sentences you're reading, and of course, Google will also take its cut. 
But your typical Google ad is instead replaced by a pixelated box that simply says thank you for being a Contributor. 
All payment information is handled through your Google account. 
Of course, you can still turn on AdBlock and basically have the same ad-free experience. 
So why bother? 
Well, people still buy music when they can also get it for free I have a premium Spotify account. 
I will admit it, so it's interesting to see Google experimenting in ways to help readers support the websites they frequent the most, if they're so inclined. 
According to Gigaom, the service is launching with ten partners, including Imgur, WikiHow, Science Daily, Urban Dictionary, The Onion, and its biggest partner, Mashable. 
Google is reportedly starting small to see how the new service takes hold. 
This isn't the first instance of companies trying to figure out an alternative way to make money on the currently free content on the web aside from ads. 
This news is another step in Google's quests to find alternative ways to monetize and deliver certain stories to users, and in turn, becoming a major player in digital content distribution. 
So is this the long sought after web model or will we all continue just ignoring ads as usual? 
-LSB- Google via Gigaom -RSB- 
Hey, you want to come camping with Bear? 
That's a pretty random email to get on a Thursday morning, and it contained no other details. 
So, I said yes, packed a bag and hopped on a plane to New Mexico. 
Here's what happened over the next few days. 
I really do mean no details. 
I had a rough idea of where we were going -- the Gila National Forest, a 2.7 million acre region -- and was told not to worry about a tent, sleeping bag or pad. 
The rest was, You 'll be doing his typical stuff. 
A bit intimidating, right? 
This is the guy we 've all spent the last eight years or so watching jump off waterfalls, eat snakes and drink his own urine. 
So I went a bit overboard with my preparation, but more on that in another article. 
The reason this was happening was that a 22-year old girl named Alex above had won the Land Rover Discovery Adventure Challenge in Geneva. 
Her prize? 
A trip with that brand's ambassador, Bear Grylls. 
They flew her over from China, where she's studying, to do it and at the last minute figured they should invite a couple journalists along as well. 
Me and Mark Harris from London's Sunday Times. 
They didn't know any more than I did. 
We just drove way out into the forest to a spot where Bear was flying in by helicopter. 
He hopped off, we hopped into a couple Land Rovers and crashed through rivers out into this incredibly gorgeous little canyon, a location that needs to remain secret because it's where Geronimo was born. 
Bear was definitely in on-camera mode, all enthusiasm and instruction and eat this and cllimb that. 
He and his team were basically turning the canyon into an outdoor playground, taking advantage of its river and cliffs to create obstacles for us to play around on. 
It was like being in an episode of Man vs Wild, just without the quick edits. 
Behind the fourth wall, Bear's shows are necessarily a lot less devil-may-care than they look. 
With insurance and liability and the need to meet a production schedule without delays for injury, every move has to be carefully planned by a small team of experienced experts. 
In addition to moving the on-screen talent around, that team has to look after a small army of cameramen and producers crossing the same challenging terrain that you see on-screen. 
Honestly, the skill and professionalism that helps all that go off without a hitch is more impressive than Bear's on-screen shenanigans. 
Anyone can climb a mountain, very few people could move an entire film crew up one in complete safety. 
So it wasn't the most personally challenging trip, but it was a fun one. 
I think Bear felt the same because, as it became evident that we were all on the same page, the on-camera action hero stuff started to fade behind his actual human personality. 
Bear likes to talk about his family, their home in Wales and his favorite new hobby -- parasailing. 
That's all told through a constant stream of running jokes with his team, a close knit group of friends that have spent the last eight years traveling the world together almost constantly. 
Impressively, it's all upbeat, positive and very little of it is about him. 
Off camera, Bear doesn't like to be in the spotlight. 
But, sitting around the campfire, I did convince him to talk about himself a little bit. 
http://indefinitelywild.gizmodo.com/the-best-outdo ... 
Bear Grylls: I wish I had a dollar for every time I 've been offered pee in a bar. 
Listen, pee sucks and I'm not one of those people that does it in my home time. 
But, the truth is that if you're well hydrated, you 've got nothing else and you're in a survival situation, it can help save your life. 
Tastes horrible though, it's salty and warm. 
The worst I had was from a snake skin. 
I'd killed a snake and used it as a water bottle and I'd had it around my neck in the desert so it'd been fermenting in the snake. 
That was bad. 
Eating any of these things, goat testicles or what have you, isn't going to be nice, but you get into that zone, you become focussed and you do what you need to do. 
It's all about one thing: coming home in one piece. 
BG: I was part of this military expedition to Everest and, when I got back, I wrote a book about it. 
Someone at Discovery read that and said, Why don't we do a show where we put you in various situations and you show us how to get out of them? 
I was super skeptical about doing TV. 
I said no three times, part of which was confidence because I didn't really understand that world. 
I know how to climb mountains and do all that, but I wasn't a TV person. 
Eventually my wife Shara said, Why don't you try it out once and, if you don't like it, you can say no then. 
That was smart advice, so we went and shot the pilot for Man vs Wild and it never felt like TV. 
We were shooting rapids and chasing snakes and all that stuff. 
I look back now and understand the world a bit better and know how competitive it is and, now that I 've been through so many episodes, I think I must have been such an idiot to have said no at the start. 
They put that first one on late at night, no marketing, no nothing and it beat all their season premiers of all the other shows they'd done. 
So they commissioned a proper series. 
The running joke at Discovery is that all the other hosts would come in at the end of each season and say how they deserved another. 
Then, I'd come in and say, It's been great, it's been a privilege, I love it, but we're done. 
http://indefinitelywild.gizmodo.com/whats-wrong-wi ... 
BG: I grew up on survival shows and they were always just so ... anoraky. 
So I said, If I do it, I don't want to brand myself as that. 
Yes, I 've had this training, yes I 've done this all my life, but I want to film the mess and the mistakes and I'm not going to do a textbook survival show because it's boring. 
Invariably, you join this market of all these survival shows and everyone's going, Your advice is dangerous! 
Really, textbook survival says stay still, don't take any chances, wait for rescue. 
That's a boring TV show. 
My thing was always, Listen, shoelace, dead squirrel and no other way down this rock face. 
You can do this! 
Yeah, it's reckless, but for me that is what kept it fresh. 
I didn't want to do eight seasons of How To Build A Fire. 
The intention was to make something fun and dynamic and about self rescue, not about whittling. 
BG: It's about being willing to take risks and it's about getting out there and not being scared to make mistakes and to go for things. 
Simple values like the wild rewards commitment. 
You throw yourself wholeheartedly into it and smile when it's raining. 
Early on, I started to get so many letters from unlikely people ; a single mum going, I watch your show, I'm not into survival, but I hold down four jobs and I get it when you say it's about persistence and putting a positive attitude into things during difficult times. 
That for me was a great liberator to realize that the show isn't about me running around, jumping off stuff and flexing muscles, it's about inspiring people. 
That makes me really happy. 
Pretty sure Alex won this round. 
She wants to be a travel writer, so we're going to have her contribute to IndefinitelyWild. 
Now, when I take kids into the woods, I tell them, What we're going to do today is going to be incredibly dangerous. 
And you just see 20 smiles go up. 
But, we're also going to learn to look after each other, who to work together and who to understand and manage that risk. 
That's what it's about, you don't empower kids if you don't expose them to risk. 
You empower them by teaching them how to deal with it.http: / / indefinitelywild.gizmodo.com/boy-scouts-gay ... 
BG: Yes. 
People go, Oh, Baden Powell, he wouldn't recognize Scouts today. 
But, I think he'd be proud of that. 
He used to say that you can never stand still, you always have to keep developing and keep moving forward. 
Scouts should be progressive and should be adapting. 
If you're gay or not it's irrelevant, Scouting values respect. 
BG: Nothing inspires people more than reckless acts of courage. 
Look at all the stories we admire, it's just the truth. 
Without risk, there can be no growth. 
I wouldn't be doing my job and you wouldn't be doing yours unless we'd been prepared to accept that failure is a possibility. 
As a society, we 've become terrified of failure, but you can't grow without risking it. 
People ask me, How do I succeed? 
Whatever it is they do, I say, Go and find 20 ways of messing it up. 
By 21, you 'll be getting there. 
Life is an adventure, go back with cuts, scars and bruises. 
IW: Someone's sitting at home on their couch right now, wanting to do what you do. 
How do they start? 
BG: Just start adventuring. 
You don't need to go to the ends of the earth, you don't need to climb Everest to have a great adventure, it's invariably on our doorstep. 
Whether you're camping out in a city park or going to a climbing wall, you can do these things. 
Once you go outside and start doing these things it makes you feel good, it fills you with pride and confidence. 
You can't buy that in a shop. 
IndefinitelyWild is a new publication about adventure travel in the outdoors, the vehicles and gear that get us there and the people we meet along the way. 
Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram. 
Some gadgets of the past were feats of engineering that managed to squeeze countless moving parts into small packages. 
This diagram of the classic Nikon F3 shared by Bellamy Hunt of Japan Camera Hunter is a glorious sea of mechanics. 
On his website, Hunt details how he came to be in possession of the poster, which looks to be a reference for repairing or servicing the camera, and how he fell head over heels for vintage film cameras in general. 
Looking at the spread truly makes you appreciate the intricacy of such complex devices. 
The particular model in the posted is the Nikon F3-P, which came out in 1983 and was geared toward press photographers. 
I wouldn't hesitate to hang this poster on my wall. 
Check out the great site Japan Camera Hunter for more of Hunt's wheelings and dealings with all kinds of classic cameras. 
This week the Apple Watch made a big step towards reality, with the release of WatchKit for developers of watch apps. 
Hidden within a fairly mundane document are plenty of glimpses at how Apple envisions smartwatches fitting in with our lives. 
With WatchKit come Apple's Watch Human Interface Guidelines, which lay out the company's recommendations for nearly every detail of app design, from color to logos to gestures. 
Here are a few telling points. 
The WatchKit guidelines, even though they're developer-specific, contain loads of general info about how Apple hopes consumers will live with the watch. 
Perhaps the smartest takeaway is the company's insistence that users shouldn't be glued to their watches. 
A Watch app complements your iOS app ; it does not replace it, it says. 
If you measure interactions with your iOS app in minutes, you can expect interactions with your Watch app to be measured in seconds. 
It's nice to know that developers are getting guidance as to what they can reasonably expect from their users. 
Throughout the guidelines, the message is simple: Less is more. 
The digital crown is one of the most interesting aspects of the slew of new UI elements encased in the Apple Watch. 
When the device was announced, the repurposed crown was presented as a way to zoom in and out of the home screen, and scroll through pages. 
Now we're getting more of a sense of why that 'll be so useful. 
Designed for finely tuned, accelerated scrolling -- without obstructing the Apple Watch display -- the Digital Crown makes it easy to scroll through longer pages, Apple says. 
In other words, the crown solves a solution to one big problem with smartwatches: How to scroll through long pages without your finger getting in the way. 
You 've probably already heard about San Francisco, the brand-new typeface that Apple designed specifically for the watch. 
But the UI guidelines give us more information about why it's suited for small screens. 
Unlike some fonts, San Francisco will condense or expand based on the size of the letters. 
If you're reading tiny text, for example, the kerning will expand so there's more space between each letter -- as will the size of the punctuation and the size of the holes in letters like e and a. 
This will make it much less difficult to read the watch's tiny text. 
While your iPhone's notification center is sometimes less than ideal for handling short blips of info, an interaction called Glances is a solution to a problem that iOS has struggled to solve. 
You can think of a glance as a Google Now card: A short blip of information that comes from an app, but that is timely and contextually relevant, presumably based on situational input like location. 
Importantly, you 'll decide when you see those glances. 
Unlike an alert pushed to a device, Glances are accessed at the wearer's discretion, says Apple. 
We already knew that the watch's Retina screen would be able to interpret the force of your finger. 
But now we're getting a glimpse of how that sensitivity will impact the UI. 
A small screen can only accommodate so many controls, Apple writes. 
Force Touch interactions display the context menu if any associated with the current screen. 
Apps use this menu to display actions relevant to the current content. 
That's why Force will act like a secondary layer of interactions. 
You 'll use it to access a higher level menu that displays options within each app. 
One thing that isn't mentioned in the guidelines? 
The Taptic Engine, which will supply the vibrating notifications from apps. 
Back in September, Apple intriguingly said that the engine will supply a range of vibrations customized to each app, so you feel a tactile sensation that's recognizably different for each kind of interaction. 
Presumably, Apple will be controlling those sensations, and it 'll be interesting to find out more about them. 
This could be one of the more interesting ways we interact with the watch, but we 'll have to wait to find out just how big a role the tactile aspects of the UI will play. 
Nikola Tesla is celebrated as a genius who had an amazing ability to envision the future. 
He predicted cellphones, television, and even elements of the internet long before any of these things existed. 
But he also had some weird ideas about the social issues of tomorrow. 
Which is why he's become an unlikely hero in the so-called Men's Rights community of today. 
Despite his brilliance with all things technological, Tesla's views on the social structure of the future were sometimes rather unfortunate. 
He advocated for the principles of eugenics and forced sterilization to ensure that only humans with the most desirable traits could reproduce. 
And he insisted that men would one day be forced to submit to women. 
The inventor imagined a society structured like that of the bee -- where male grunts do the heavy lifting and are otherwise only used for breeding purposes. 
Men would be killed off when they were not needed. 
Tesla spelled out his ideas about the inevitable and in his opinion, unfortunate rise of women in an interview that appeared in the August 10, 1924 issue of the Galveston Daily News. 
Tesla explained that he once adored and worshipped women. 
But that his perspective had recently changed, as women had become more and more like men, striving to compete with men in so many aspects of society. 
Now the soft-voiced gentle woman of my reverent worship has all but vanished, Tesla told a reporter in 1924. 
In her place has come the woman who thinks that her chief success in life lies in making herself as much as possible like man -- in dress, voice and actions, in sports and achievements of every kind. 
Tesla would go on to explain that women competing with men was one of the greatest tragedies he saw in the world. 
And that no good would come of it for civilization as a whole. 
The world has experienced many tragedies, but to my mind the greatest tragedy of all is the present economic condition wherein women strive against men, and in many cases actually succeed in usurping their places in the professions and in industry, the inventor explained in cringe-worthy detail. 
This growing tendency of women to overshadow the masculine is a sign of a deteriorating civilization. 
Perhaps the male in human society is useless. 
I am frank to admit that I don't know, Tesla conceded. 
If women are beginning to feel this way about it -- and there is striking evidence at hand that they do -- then we are entering upon the cruelest period of the world's history. 
With women gaining the vote in all 50 states just four years earlier, Tesla's words no doubt resonated with some men who felt threatened by women's slowly changing role in modern America. 
No less than a matriarchal empire was on the horizon, he warned. 
Our civilization will sink to a state like that which is found among the bees, ants and other insects -- a state wherein the male is ruthlessly killed off, Tesla said. 
In this matriarchal empire which will be established the female rules. 
As the female predominates, the males are at her mercy. 
The male is considered important only as a factor in the general scheme of the continuity of life. 
I am considering this question not merely from the standpoint of a man, Tesla insisted in his 1924 interview. 
I am thinking of the woman's side of it. 
As we contemplate any change, we naturally take into consideration the results that may follow such an innovation. 
One of the results to my mind is quite a pathetic one, Tesla said. 
But women weren't really going to be succeeding in this new world order, Tesla said. 
No, the fairer sex would really be the victims of their own success, sounding like a conservative pundit on some cable news show. 
Woman, herself, is really the victim instead of, as she thinks, the victor. 
Contentment is absent from her life. 
She is ambitious, often far beyond her natural equipment, to attain the thing she wants. 
She too frequently forgets that all women can not be prima donnas and motion picture stars, Tesla opined. 
Woman's discontent makes the life of the present day still more overstressed. 
The high pitch given to existence by people who are restless and dissatisfied because they fail to achieve things wholly out of proportion to the health and talent with which Nature has endowed them is a bad thing for the world, Tesla said, subtly evoking the language of eugenics that would pop up again in his interviews during the 1930s. 
It seems to me that women are not particularly happy in this newly found freedom, in this new competition which they are waging so persistently against men in business and the professions and even in sport, Tesla said. 
The question that naturally arises is, whether the women themselves are the gainers or the losers. 
Tesla would explain in later interviews that perhaps the civilization of the bee was a model society from which humans could learn a thing or two. 
Maybe the scientifically ordered civilization was indeed the way to go, even if that meant an oppressive matriarchy was upon us. 
Tesla had a complicated relationship with women throughout his life. 
One of his best friends was a woman and he absolutely adored his mother. 
But his beliefs were seemingly rooted in a very old fashioned notion about what women's role in the world should be. 
History has given us many examples of the wonderful influence exerted by unusual women. 
Among these have been the mothers of great men, Tesla said to the reporter in 1924, perhaps referring to his own mother in a rather immodest way. 
But their influence lay not in their determination to outdo man, or even to compete with him. 
By nearly all accounts Tesla was not attracted to women, and he could be rather unkind to some, once firing one of his secretaries for being too fat. 
He would sometimes remark on women's clothing when it displeased him. 
Tesla was a brilliant inventor, but sometimes his vision of the world's trajectory took him into strange places. 
And unfortunately, he's now being celebrated by some of the scummiest elements of society -- people who believe here in the 21st century that men are somehow being oppressed by women. 
It's an element to Nikola Tesla's life that many supporters would no doubt like to ignore. 
But like every other genius of history, Tesla was imperfect. 
It's just too bad he's becoming a hero to so many young men on the internet for all the wrong reasons. 
Director, comedian, and EGOT-winning badass Mike Nichols died yesterday. 
Nichols got his start in comedy, first as an improviser and then as part of a duo with the equally legendary Elaine May. 
Even though he was funny as shit he decided he wanted to get into serious filmmaking and theatre, and directed a string of critically lauded films and plays over the course of decades. 
The Graduate is probably his best-known film, but he also helmed Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf? 
, Primary Colors, The Birdcage, the HBO miniseries Angels in America, Working Girl, and Charlie Wilson's War. 
Nichols' personal life was as eventful as his career. 
He escaped Nazi Germany at age 9 to come to the U.S., and is a distant relative of Albert Einstein. 
Married four times, he wooed Diane Sawyer, fathered children, and thought horses were majestic. 
The Graduate is a knockout study in ambivalence, the depressed edges of suburbia, and the folly of romanticism. 
It has the most perfect ending to any movie. 
Watch it some time soon to celebrate the great man who directed it. 
The Swedes make some amazing flying machines, like the Saab 35 Draken photographed above by Tony Osborne, London Bureau Chief for Aviation Week. 
It's so striking it doesn't even seem real. 
It feels more like a space fighter than a plane from Earth. 
Check out this gallery. 
I have some kind of innate deep fear/repulsion against birds and especially flocks. 
Watching this massive group of little winged velociraptors taking off some kind of poplar tree -- there are so many that the tree is deformed by their weight -- is my idea of hell. 
Airbnb already provides reimbursement for property damage, now they 've added liability insurance that will protect both hosts and their landlords should anyone get injured during a stay. 
The coverage is automatic and goes into effect in January ; U.S. only for now. 
-LSB- Airbnb -RSB- 
Waiting to buy the excellent Basis Peak activity tracker until it gets smartwatch notifications? 
They're coming in mid-December. 
Also, the Peak will now stream your heart rate data via Bluetooth to Strava, MapMyRun and Endomoto apps. 
-LSB- Basis Blog -RSB- 
Former Senator Jim Webb announced that he's forming an exploratory committee yesterday, the first step on a long road to probably running for president. 
He did so in a video that looks like it was filmed in my high school TV studio. 
Under New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie's chairmanship, the RGA spent $ 130 million and achieved remarkable success at the polls: All but two Republican governors running for re-election won. 
And the GOP even won governors' races in deep blue states like Illinois, Massachusetts and Maryland. 
Their message? 
Republican governors are putting conservative principles into practice in their states, and they won't allow their party to be defined by what they call the dysfunction in Washington. 
In this case, it was President Obama's executive action on immigration. 
At news conferences, and at a Wednesday afternoon panel moderated by NBC's Chuck Todd, governors were pressed for their views on Obama's action, on immigration, and on how they would handle the millions of undocumented immigrants currently here. 
Louisiana's Bobby Jindal and Wisconsin's Scott Walker bristled at Todd's repeated questions on immigration. 
Scott's tried. 
I 've tried, Jindal said. 
I'd like to talk about energy. 
I'd like to talk about education. 
Walker maintains that while immigration may be important, it was not an issue that came up in his campaign or in many other states. 
Walker said of immigration, If you went out on the campaign trail with us, none of us heard this issue in our races. 
And I dare say it probably wasn't one of the top issues in most United States Senate or House races out there. 
If immigration didn't rank as a top issue in most governors' races, it does with a group that's growing in importance in the U.S. -- Hispanics. 
A recent Gallup poll shows immigration ranks as the second most important issue among Hispanics after the economy. 
At the conference in Boca Raton this week, Ohio Gov. John Kasich said, It's a cool time to be a Republican. 
I think young people are back looking at us again. 
We lost them for a while, but I think they're back. 
In my state, we're seeing minorities now voting Republican. 
President Obama announced Thursday that he's using executive actions to grant temporary relief to some of the nearly 12 million immigrants living in the United States illegally. 
There's been debate over how much latitude the president has to act on immigration, but the Obama said he felt compelled to act after Congress failed to pass a reform bill. 
Even before the prime-time speech, congressional leaders were fired up about the president's plan. 
The first thing we need to explain to the American people is that this is illegal, Rep. Raul Labrador, Republican of Idaho, told NPR's All Things Considered. 
Uber generates lots of revenue. 
Everyone knows it. 
The company's roughly 20 percent cut of ride spend on its platform adds up to big numbers. 
How big, of course, is the real question. 
New data published by Business Insider helps put Uber's revenue into perspective. 
However, before we get to the new sums, let's rewind. 
Here's TechCrunch in December of 2013, reporting on leaked Uber revenue figures from October of that year, emphasis is mine: 
The numbers span a period of between mid-October and mid-November of 2013 and allow us to form a picture, though incomplete, of Uber's income and user statistics over the period. 
According to our calculations based on the information laid out in the dashboard screenshots -- and assuming some similarity in numbers for the rest of the year -- the car service should be pulling in over $ 1B a year in gross bookings. 
At a rough 20% cut, a figure Valleywag notes Kalanick has alluded to, that would place Uber's slice of the revenue around $ 213M a year. 
So, Uber at the time was doing rides at about a $ 1 billion run rate, and bringing in a more than $ 200 million yearly cut. 
Damn fine numbers, really. 
Cut to today, when Business Insider published data from Uber's December of 2013, just one month after the period the figures above were taken from. 
It was a big period for the firm, with New Year's Eve revenue spiking year-over-year, and lots of markets doing high volumes of rides. 
Revenue isn't revenue isn't revenue, however. 
Just ask Tesla. 
Here's the story's first paragraph: 
That is a huge number, certainly. 
But which revenue number is it, $ 1.5 billion to $ 2 billion, or $ 10 billion? 
Well, none of the above, I don't think. 
Keep in mind the data from October that TechCrunch covered: If Uber was on tip to make just over $ 200 million in revenue for itself on a yearly basis in October of 2013, how by December of the same year was it prepped to generate company-facing top line of $ 1.5 billion, let alone $ 2 billion, or $ 10 billion? 
You pay Uber for your rides. 
It then takes a cut of that total spend, and that's its take-home revenue. 
You can try and count the total spend on its platform as its revenue, but that's as silly as Groupon trying to claim the full sale-price of coupons as its own top line. 
Ask Andrew Mason how well that went. 
So Uber's 20 percent is its revenue, and on a run-rate basis, that figure was nowhere near the billion dollar mark mere months before it supposedly was. 
I think that we are seeing a conflation of the term ` revenue' here. 
If you repine for a moment, and scroll back to the initially leaked Uber slides, what was labeled as revenue was in fact considered to be total platform spend. 
To refresh you: 
That $ 20 million or so per week is around $ 1 billion per year, given the number of weeks per annum. 
That's how we treated what Uber called revenue in the past. 
Now, we appear to be willing to take what Uber called revenue mere months after the above, and presume that it means actual income for the company, and not total platform spend. 
Unless Uber saw a growth spurt so fucking strong between those two months that it grew several-fold, we're misinterpreting revenue. 
So, that means that Uber's prior $ 20 million plus weekly revenue run rate wasn't platform spend, but was instead it's cut, and thus Uber was rocking a $ 5 billion platform spend run rate last October. 
Well that or we're just getting this confused today. 
Uber's growth of 20 or 30 percent from October to a perhaps more busy December isn't outside the realm of the reasonable. 
But here's Business Insider on the December data: 
This implies that the company's San Francisco revenue that month was roughly commensurate with its total forward revenue, calculated from October of that year. 
Or: That Uber's ` revenue' in its slides concerning October was in fact total platform spend, and thus that Uber will likely collect around $ 40 million in revenue from the San Francisco market this year, extrapolating on a forward twelve-month run-rate basis from the new figures. 
So, Uber will see well north of $ 1 billion in total platform spend this year. 
Perhaps even $ 2 billion, or $ 3 billion if things go well. 
That would put its own revenue in the mid hundreds of millions. 
But keep in mind that Twitter is going to generate around $ 1.4 billion in revenue this year, and is worth $ 25.3 billion. 
If Uber was set to spank Twitter's top line, why would it be worth less? 
Oh, and if you count total platform spend as Uber's revenue, it's going to have shit GAAP margins. 
Something to think about. 
Dyson is spending big on new products and product categories, the company announced today. 
The maker of vacuums, fans, heaters, hand dryers, robots and more announced today that it would be spending a total of $ 2.35 billion across a UK tech campus, expansion of its manufacturing efforts, investment in British universities to foster talent, and $ 1.56 billion in new specific tech development projects. 
The British company wants to roll out no fewer than 100 new products, across four new tech portfolios over just the next four years -- we 've already seen it introduce the 360 Eye robot vacuum cleaner this year, as well as announce its entry into the humidifier market, with a device that simultaneously filters bacteria out of the air while it works. 
In past interviews, founder and CEO James Dyson has hinted that the company might be interested in applying the work it has done in battery tech to other areas, too, and continuing to advance the field of domestic robotics. 
Dyson says it folds a full one-third of its total profits back into R&D, and notes that 2,000 of its roughly 4,500 employees worldwide are engineers, and 1,000 of those have come on board in the last four years alone. 
Its partnerships with academic institutions also help it funnel new talent into the company, as well as work out outside research projects. 
With this investment, Dyson is signalling a shift that could mean we no longer see it primarily as a vacuum company in four years' time. 
Could it instead become synonymous with domestic robotics? 
Early yet to tell, since the Dyson 360 Eye has yet to even go on sale, but should arrive this coming spring beginning in Japan. 
This radar image of Tokyo was acquired by the European Space Agency's Sentinel-1A satellite earlier this year. 
The data is so accurate that it can monitor ground movements down to a few millimetres -- which helps urban planners know where they can and can't build. 
-LSB- ESA -RSB- 
Please turn on JavaScript. 
Media requires JavaScript to play. 
Benjamin Netanyahu looks set to be returned to office for a fourth term following the Israeli elections. 
Plenty of familiar problems lie ahead of him. 
Here are five. 
If you 've seen Interstellar, then you know that the best characters are the wise-cracking robots. 
Unassumingly boxy and faceless, they somehow end up stealing the show. 
Wired has a fascinating behind-the-scenes look on bringing the robots to life -- largely without the help of CGI. 
Minor spoilers ahead. 
Interstellar's F/X coordinator, Scott Fischer, reveals that 80 percent of the robot footage in the movie was real. 
The few exceptions are the action sequences, such as when the robot CASE reveals itself not to be not just a clumsy rectangle, transforming into a nimble jack that tumbles through the water. 
The team built a total of eight robots for the shoot. 
The robot TARS, one of the film's main AI characters, weighed 200 pounds and cost $ 20,000. 
For Bill Irwin, the voice behind the robot TARS, playing a robot was no piece of cake either. 
Wired explains: 
He also operated the hydraulics that controlled the heavy machines. 
Irwin is a few inches taller than TARS, which meant erasing his forehead in postproduction. 
During filming in Iceland, Irwin had to work in thigh-deep water, and the robots' metal corroded so badly that two models had to be disassembled and rebuilt. 
Robot actors, man, always rusting on you. 
For more Interstellar robot geekery, be sure to check out the whole piece at Wired. 
The Amazon Fire TV Stick is the bargain version of Amazon's super-fast voice search-enabled Fire TV. 
The HDMI version certainly sacrifices a lot of things that make Fire TV great, but is that bargain worth it? 
Absolutely. 
First of all, what is Fire TV and how is the Fire TV Stick different? 
Released back in April, Fire TV is Amazon's sleek streaming box. 
It has 2GB of memory and a quad-core processor that make it lightning-fast to search for things you want to watch within mundo Amazon or in other video apps like Netflix or Showtime. 
It includes voice search that -- gasp! 
-- actually works reliably. 
The only downside? 
It costs 100 bucks. 
Enter the Fire TV Stick, Amazon's $ 40 stripped-down answer to the higher-end streaming box. 
Like the Roku Stick or Chromecast, it pops into the HDMI port in the back of your TV and opens your boob tube to a whole new world of streaming content. 
It's just a little bit clunkier than its Fire predecessor. 
The remote loses its matte finish and just feels a little more plasticky. 
The HDMI port comes with a power cable, and an extender if you need it. 
Where specs are concerned, it's basically half of a Fire TV box -- it has 1GB of memory, a dual-core processor, and a cheaper remote that doesn't come with voice search. 
But that's not to say voice search doesn't work with the Fire. 
You can use voice search with the stick, you just need the remote app, which only exists on Android for now, or you 'll need to buy the spendier $ 30 remote that normally comes standard with the Fire TV box. 
Which, once you're spending a total of $ 70, you might as well just bite the bullet and pay $ 30 more for the whole kit and kaboodle and two more cores worth of oomph. 
In any case, if you're not used to Amazon's excellent voice search, you won't miss it. 
If you are, you will. 
I did! 
Fire TV is my default streaming box. 
I love it for the things I 've mentioned above, and even though in my house, I have a few options from which to stream stuff Roku Stick, Roku 3, Xbox, and the horror show that is a default Samsung Smart TV interface, I always, always default to Fire TV. 
Besides what I 've already discussed in terms of speed and search, Fire TV just offers up a really nice interface. 
Nice how? 
Nice to look at, nice to navigate, and simple to understand. 
On the left-hand side you have your categories apps, Prime video, music, photos, etc., and when you select one, you can search within that section. 
You have your pick of apps, which includes almost everything you could want Netflix, Spotify, Showtime, YouTube, Vimeo, and so forth, except for HBO Go. 
And apparently that one's coming -- eventually. 
But the best reason to go with a Fire TV is if you want movies and shows from Amazon. 
Because Amazon Amazon Amazon. 
No, really, that's what we always argue about the Bezos Universe. 
It has content on its side. 
And Fire TV banks on that in a beautiful way. 
The system is connected with your Amazon account, so even if something isn't included on Prime Instant Video, you can just click and click and pay to watch Groundhog Day or what-have-you. 
It's comfortable and easy TV-watching. 
You don't have to think! 
That's not a bad thing. 
All of that stays the same with Fire TV Stick. 
It's just in a different package. 
So the question a lot of people have is how does Fire TV Stick stack up to Chromecast? 
They're similar in terms of what they do stream content, what they cost $ 39 and $ 35 respectively, and what they are HDMI sticks. 
Fire TV just does it a little bit better, thanks to a couple of convenience factors, one being a remote. 
Chromecast must rely on your phone, tablet, or computer in order to cast stuff to your television, and that works just fine for some. 
But others? 
Others just want a dang remote. 
That's what we 've become used to since we started using TVs. 
Where's the clicker? 
Every dad asks in living rooms around the world on Sunday afternoons. 
We want it. 
We need it. 
It reassures us. 
Seriously, though: folks at Roku made the same argument in favor of a remote to me back when they trotted out the Roku Stick for the first time. 
It's just nice to have the option. 
Also, Chromecast just does not compute to some people. 
Think of your mom. 
Could she figure it out easily? 
Maybe. 
But what about your Aunt or your cousin or some luddite friend. 
Maybe not. 
The other point of comparison is the aforementioned Roku Stick. 
It's $ 50 and offers a lot of the same as Amazon. 
Where it excels is search. 
Search on Roku is universal. 
You can look up Bill Murray, and it will bring up a short bio and everything in his repertoire you could watch and all your possible options of where to watch them on Roku, be it HBO Go, Vudu, Amazon, or wherever. 
It's great! 
But Amazon only lets you search Amazon titles, even if you'd really rather watch something on Netflix. 
The only downside of the Roku Stick is that it's kind of slow. 
And I'd rather have speed and be stuck within Amazon's walled garden than be stuck in buffering purgatory. 
Also, call me shallow, but Fire TV Stick is just better looking than its HDMI cronies. 
Roku is a big purple stick. 
Chromecast has a big butt and a Chrome logo tacked on. 
Fire TV stick is a subtle black HDMI stick. 
It blends in nicely. 
The other thing we need to talk about with regards to the Fire TV Stick is gameplay. 
Yes, like the Fire TV, the Fire TV Stick plays games. 
And if you're a casual gamer, ok sure, you might enjoy toying around with a few of the free games Fire TV has to offer. 
But if you're a serious gamer, you almost certainly have a console in your home. 
In other words, you're not buying Fire TV as a console. 
You're buying it as a streaming system that happens to offer gameplay. 
And if you get a little more serious, you can buy the Amazon-branded gamepad. 
But I'm not so sure you will, because then you'd be the Stick only has about half the games Fire TV has. 
No Asphalt 8: Airborne and no Dead Trigger 2. 
And the games that are there run a little slower. 
The dual-core processor doesn't have the oomph. 
All told, the Fire TV stick is worth it. 
Essentially, all you're giving up is speed. 
Think of it this way: with Fire TV, you don't think of speed because it's so fast, you don't have time to think of it. 
With the Stick, you have noticeable seconds of load time -- time enough for you to think about that little wheel up on your screen spinning. 
With the box, when you select something, say, a TV show, there's no wait. 
It's on your screen almost immediately. 
With Fire TV Stick, you 'll have to be patient, but only for a second or two. 
Flipping through the UI is also little bit laggier on the Stick. 
You notice it in the sense, once again, that it hangs the tiniest bit, whereas the box hangs not at all. 
So to reiterate, slower, yes. 
But not Roku Stick slow. 
At this price, a little bit of wait isn't unreasonable. 
If you're looking to cut the cord from your cable provider, you 'll need at least a good streaming box, and an OTA antenna. 
We 've got you covered on both fronts today. 
Four of your five top knife brands are sharply discounted on Amazon right now. 
-LSB- Chef's Knives -RSB- 
Not everyone needs, or can afford, a KitchenAid. 
This Sunbeam stand mixer has solid reviews, and is only $ 62 right now. 
-LSB- SunBeam MixMaster Stand Mixer, $ 62 -RSB- 
Do I need a night vision monocular? 
No, not really. 
But man, wouldn't it be cool to own one? 
-LSB- Firefield 5x50 Nightfall 2 Night Vision Monocular, $ 127 -RSB- 
They're backordered by a few months, but 36 microfiber towels for $ 14 is worth the wait. 
-LSB- Zwipes Microfiber Cleaning Cloths 36-Pack Assorted Colors, $ 14 -RSB- 
Update: You can get a 48-pack for $ 15 with Subscribe & Save can cancel anytime. 
No backorder as of now. 
This is a bona fide AirPlay speaker for the price of a fairly cheap Bluetooth alternative. 
Great reviews too. 
-LSB- iHome AirPlay Speaker System for iOS, $ 50 -RSB- 
$ 885 for any 65 TV is exciting. 
For a 4K set, it's unheard of. 
-LSB- Seiki 65 4K HDTV, $ 885 after $ 100 rebate and this $ 15 off deal -RSB- 
Apple's previous-gen iPad Air is seeing some nice $ 80 - $ 85 discounts today on Best Buy. 
Target will be offering at least the 16GB model around Black Friday for full price with a $ 100 bundled gift card, but if you prefer a cash discount, this is a safe bet. 
Don't want to spend that much? 
Amazon's offering a discount on the Kindle Fire HD 7 as well. 
-LSB- Gen 2 Kindle Fire HD 7, $ 139 -RSB- 
Inside, you 'll find necessary components like processors, GPUs, cases, and power supplies, but also a number of accessories like headsets, routers, keyboards, and mice. 
The highlights though at least for gamers are the Razer DeathAdder gaming mouse for $ 40, and the Razer BlackWidow mechanical keyboard for $ 90. 
Those were your favorite gaming mouse andkeyboard, respectively, and we 've never seen them for this cheap before. 
As always with Gold Box deals, these prices are only valid today, and the best stuff tends to sell out early, so get shopping. 
-LSB- Amazon -RSB- 
The excellent but fairly expensive task manager Things is free on iOS this week, and discounted on Mac as well. 
Be sure to check out our App Deals post for more iOS, Android, and Mac savings. 
It never hurts to keep some spare HDMI cables around. 
-LSB- 4-Pack of 6-ft HDMI Cables, $ 10 -RSB- 
All you have to do is sign up for Amazon Prime, and add almost any Kindle e-reader, Kindle Fire tablet, or Fire TV to your cart in the same transaction. 
If you already have Prime and you should, this deal also works when buying a 1-year gift subscription, which you can just give to yourself to add another year onto your plan. 
If you're planning on renewing or ordering Prime anyway for the holiday shopping season, this is basically $ 40 of free money. 
The discount brings the new entry-level Kindle down to an absurdly cheap $ 39, and the expensive-but-amazing new Kindle Voyage down to $ 159, both all-time lows. 
Amazon has opened preorders for 17 different Samsung TVs at prices that match or exceed the leaked Black Friday deals from other retailers like Best Buy, Sears, and Walmart, including several 4K sets. 
The TVs won't ship until next week, but if you have your eye on a specific model, ordering it now will make for a less stressful Black Friday weekend. 
-LSB- Amazon -RSB- 
This scale won't sync data to your phone or give you workout advice, but at $ 19, you'd be hard pressed to find something that looks nicer. 
Great reviews too. 
The code is valid on the silver model only. 
-LSB- Balancefrom High Accuracy Plus Digital Bathroom Scale with Backlight LCD and Step-On Technology, $ 19 with code 72WKNC7C -RSB- 
The beautiful, hardcover Star Trek Federation: The First 150 Years has glowing critical and consumer reviews. 
You can own it today for just $ 20, which is lightyears away from its usual $ 60 price. 
Want your deals the old fashioned way? 
Sign up for this IFTTT recipe to get a digest of all our posts sent to your email every afternoon. 
Black Friday and Cyber Monday are right around the corner. 
Keep it locked here for the Internet's best coverage. 
We work together with you to find the best products and the best deals on them, click here to learn more. 
We operate independently of Editorial and Advertising, and if you take advantage of an item we cover, we may get a small share of the sale. 
We want your feedback. 
Anyone who's ever walked the streets of New York City has felt the movement and energy of the city. 
Today's home screen aims to capture a bit of that with some stark contrast and intense angles. 
This design is friendly to all launchers. 
You can install download the zip file from here and install it by following these instructions: 
If you're not a fan of Themer, the designer has also created instructions at the source link below. 
Here's what you 'll need: 
Do you have an awesome, tweaked-into-oblivion home or lock screen of your own that you'd like to share? 
Post it in the comments below, or on your own Kinja blog with the tag home screen showcase no quotes. 
Be sure to include a description of how you made it so we can feature it as the next featured home screen. 
Apple released an update to iOS 8 earlier this week that promised performance increases on older devices like the iPhone 4S, iPad 2, iPad Mini, and iPod Touch. 
Ars Technica took a look at the numbers and found some disappointing results. 
If you're using an older device, iOS 8 really slowed things down. 
The interface was laggy and app load times were dismal. 
Turns out things aren't that much better with 8.1.1. 
In Ars Technica's tests, they found that app load times were about the same, the interface was still sluggish, and web site load times were only marginally increased. 
Which is to say, if you're still rocking iOS 7 on an older device, it's probably best to stay there. 
Head over to Ars Technica for the full results. 
What's the sound of a spacecraft landing? 
It used to be a source of fun speculation, but now we know for sure. 
Instruments recorded the thump of Philae's first of three landings on comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko last week. 
The SESAME-CASSE instrument, which includes sensors on the bottom of the lander's feet, recorded vibrations felt when Philae first bounced off the comet's surface. 
What you hear is the actual sound of the landing. 
Sounds can't travel through the vacuum of space, because there are no air molecules to vibrate. 
But sound can move through solid objects like the leg of a spacecraft, which is what Philae recorded. 
The sounds reveal that the lander first touched down on a hard, icy surface covered by a softer layer several centimeters thick that is probably dust. 
As for where Philae is now, the team is still figuring it out. 
Preliminary data suggests that the little spacecraft is sitting on a lot of water ice. 
You're better off shopping online on Thanksgiving or any other day next week, but there are deals to be had on Black Friday. 
WalletHub's survey of 2014 Black Friday ads from 21 of the biggest retailers reveals which stores will offer the biggest discounts and how much you should aim to save. 
By the way, did you know that Black Friday is actually starting this Friday -- a week before the actual day? 
At least, Amazon's jumping the gun with Black Friday deals starting Friday, November 21. 
The Amazon Fire TV Stick is the bargain version of Amazon's super-fast voice search-enabled Fire TV. 
The HDMI version certainly sacrifices a lot of things that make Fire TV great, but is that bargain worth it? 
Absolutely. 
First of all, what is Fire TV and how is the Fire TV Stick different? 
Released back in April, Fire TV is Amazon's sleek streaming box. 
It has 2GB of memory and a quad-core processor that make it lightning-fast to search for things you want to watch within mundo Amazon or in other video apps like Netflix or Showtime. 
It includes voice search that -- gasp! 
-- actually works reliably. 
The only downside? 
It costs 100 bucks. 
Enter the Fire TV Stick, Amazon's $ 40 stripped-down answer to the higher-end streaming box. 
Like the Roku Stick or Chromecast, it pops into the HDMI port in the back of your TV and opens your boob tube to a whole new world of streaming content. 
It's just a little bit clunkier than its Fire predecessor. 
The remote loses its matte finish and just feels a little more plasticky. 
The HDMI port comes with a power cable, and an extender if you need it. 
Where specs are concerned, it's basically half of a Fire TV box -- it has 1GB of memory, a dual-core processor, and a cheaper remote that doesn't come with voice search. 
But that's not to say voice search doesn't work with the Fire. 
You can use voice search with the stick, you just need the remote app, which only exists on Android for now, or you 'll need to buy the spendier $ 30 remote that normally comes standard with the Fire TV box. 
Which, once you're spending a total of $ 70, you might as well just bite the bullet and pay $ 30 more for the whole kit and kaboodle and two more cores worth of oomph. 
In any case, if you're not used to Amazon's excellent voice search, you won't miss it. 
If you are, you will. 
I did! 
Fire TV is my default streaming box. 
I love it for the things I 've mentioned above, and even though in my house, I have a few options from which to stream stuff Roku Stick, Roku 3, Xbox, and the horror show that is a default Samsung Smart TV interface, I always, always default to Fire TV. 
Besides what I 've already discussed in terms of speed and search, Fire TV just offers up a really nice interface. 
Nice how? 
Nice to look at, nice to navigate, and simple to understand. 
On the left-hand side you have your categories apps, Prime video, music, photos, etc., and when you select one, you can search within that section. 
You have your pick of apps, which includes almost everything you could want Netflix, Spotify, Showtime, YouTube, Vimeo, and so forth, except for HBO Go. 
And apparently that one's coming -- eventually. 
But the best reason to go with a Fire TV is if you want movies and shows from Amazon. 
Because Amazon Amazon Amazon. 
No, really, that's what we always argue about the Bezos Universe. 
It has content on its side. 
And Fire TV banks on that in a beautiful way. 
The system is connected with your Amazon account, so even if something isn't included on Prime Instant Video, you can just click and click and pay to watch Groundhog Day or what-have-you. 
It's comfortable and easy TV-watching. 
You don't have to think! 
That's not a bad thing. 
All of that stays the same with Fire TV Stick. 
It's just in a different package. 
So the question a lot of people have is how does Fire TV Stick stack up to Chromecast? 
They're similar in terms of what they do stream content, what they cost $ 39 and $ 35 respectively, and what they are HDMI sticks. 
Fire TV just does it a little bit better, thanks to a couple of convenience factors, one being a remote. 
Chromecast must rely on your phone, tablet, or computer in order to cast stuff to your television, and that works just fine for some. 
But others? 
Others just want a dang remote. 
That's what we 've become used to since we started using TVs. 
Where's the clicker? 
Every dad asks in living rooms around the world on Sunday afternoons. 
We want it. 
We need it. 
It reassures us. 
Seriously, though: folks at Roku made the same argument in favor of a remote to me back when they trotted out the Roku Stick for the first time. 
It's just nice to have the option. 
Also, Chromecast just does not compute to some people. 
Think of your mom. 
Could she figure it out easily? 
Maybe. 
But what about your Aunt or your cousin or some luddite friend. 
Maybe not. 
The other point of comparison is the aforementioned Roku Stick. 
It's $ 50 and offers a lot of the same as Amazon. 
Where it excels is search. 
Search on Roku is universal. 
You can look up Bill Murray, and it will bring up a short bio and everything in his repertoire you could watch and all your possible options of where to watch them on Roku, be it HBO Go, Vudu, Amazon, or wherever. 
It's great! 
But Amazon only lets you search Amazon titles, even if you'd really rather watch something on Netflix. 
The only downside of the Roku Stick is that it's kind of slow. 
And I'd rather have speed and be stuck within Amazon's walled garden than be stuck in buffering purgatory. 
Also, call me shallow, but Fire TV Stick is just better looking than its HDMI cronies. 
Roku is a big purple stick. 
Chromecast has a big butt and a Chrome logo tacked on. 
Fire TV stick is a subtle black HDMI stick. 
It blends in nicely. 
The other thing we need to talk about with regards to the Fire TV Stick is gameplay. 
Yes, like the Fire TV, the Fire TV Stick plays games. 
And if you're a casual gamer, ok sure, you might enjoy toying around with a few of the free games Fire TV has to offer. 
But if you're a serious gamer, you almost certainly have a console in your home. 
In other words, you're not buying Fire TV as a console. 
You're buying it as a streaming system that happens to offer gameplay. 
And if you get a little more serious, you can buy the Amazon-branded gamepad. 
But I'm not so sure you will, because then you'd be the Stick only has about half the games Fire TV has. 
No Asphalt 8: Airborne and no Dead Trigger 2. 
And the games that are there run a little slower. 
The dual-core processor doesn't have the oomph. 
All told, the Fire TV stick is worth it. 
Essentially, all you're giving up is speed. 
Think of it this way: with Fire TV, you don't think of speed because it's so fast, you don't have time to think of it. 
With the Stick, you have noticeable seconds of load time -- time enough for you to think about that little wheel up on your screen spinning. 
With the box, when you select something, say, a TV show, there's no wait. 
It's on your screen almost immediately. 
With Fire TV Stick, you 'll have to be patient, but only for a second or two. 
Flipping through the UI is also little bit laggier on the Stick. 
You notice it in the sense, once again, that it hangs the tiniest bit, whereas the box hangs not at all. 
So to reiterate, slower, yes. 
But not Roku Stick slow. 
At this price, a little bit of wait isn't unreasonable. 
If you're looking to cut the cord from your cable provider, you 'll need at least a good streaming box, and an OTA antenna. 
We 've got you covered on both fronts today. 
Four of your five top knife brands are sharply discounted on Amazon right now. 
-LSB- Chef's Knives -RSB- 
Not everyone needs, or can afford, a KitchenAid. 
This Sunbeam stand mixer has solid reviews, and is only $ 62 right now. 
-LSB- SunBeam MixMaster Stand Mixer, $ 62 -RSB- 
Do I need a night vision monocular? 
No, not really. 
But man, wouldn't it be cool to own one? 
-LSB- Firefield 5x50 Nightfall 2 Night Vision Monocular, $ 127 -RSB- 
They're backordered by a few months, but 36 microfiber towels for $ 14 is worth the wait. 
-LSB- Zwipes Microfiber Cleaning Cloths 36-Pack Assorted Colors, $ 14 -RSB- 
Update: You can get a 48-pack for $ 15 with Subscribe & Save can cancel anytime. 
No backorder as of now. 
This is a bona fide AirPlay speaker for the price of a fairly cheap Bluetooth alternative. 
Great reviews too. 
-LSB- iHome AirPlay Speaker System for iOS, $ 50 -RSB- 
$ 885 for any 65 TV is exciting. 
For a 4K set, it's unheard of. 
-LSB- Seiki 65 4K HDTV, $ 885 after $ 100 rebate and this $ 15 off deal -RSB- 
Apple's previous-gen iPad Air is seeing some nice $ 80 - $ 85 discounts today on Best Buy. 
Target will be offering at least the 16GB model around Black Friday for full price with a $ 100 bundled gift card, but if you prefer a cash discount, this is a safe bet. 
Don't want to spend that much? 
Amazon's offering a discount on the Kindle Fire HD 7 as well. 
-LSB- Gen 2 Kindle Fire HD 7, $ 139 -RSB- 
Inside, you 'll find necessary components like processors, GPUs, cases, and power supplies, but also a number of accessories like headsets, routers, keyboards, and mice. 
The highlights though at least for gamers are the Razer DeathAdder gaming mouse for $ 40, and the Razer BlackWidow mechanical keyboard for $ 90. 
Those were your favorite gaming mouse andkeyboard, respectively, and we 've never seen them for this cheap before. 
As always with Gold Box deals, these prices are only valid today, and the best stuff tends to sell out early, so get shopping. 
-LSB- Amazon -RSB- 
The excellent but fairly expensive task manager Things is free on iOS this week, and discounted on Mac as well. 
Be sure to check out our App Deals post for more iOS, Android, and Mac savings. 
It never hurts to keep some spare HDMI cables around. 
-LSB- 4-Pack of 6-ft HDMI Cables, $ 10 -RSB- 
All you have to do is sign up for Amazon Prime, and add almost any Kindle e-reader, Kindle Fire tablet, or Fire TV to your cart in the same transaction. 
If you already have Prime and you should, this deal also works when buying a 1-year gift subscription, which you can just give to yourself to add another year onto your plan. 
If you're planning on renewing or ordering Prime anyway for the holiday shopping season, this is basically $ 40 of free money. 
The discount brings the new entry-level Kindle down to an absurdly cheap $ 39, and the expensive-but-amazing new Kindle Voyage down to $ 159, both all-time lows. 
Amazon has opened preorders for 17 different Samsung TVs at prices that match or exceed the leaked Black Friday deals from other retailers like Best Buy, Sears, and Walmart, including several 4K sets. 
The TVs won't ship until next week, but if you have your eye on a specific model, ordering it now will make for a less stressful Black Friday weekend. 
-LSB- Amazon -RSB- 
This scale won't sync data to your phone or give you workout advice, but at $ 19, you'd be hard pressed to find something that looks nicer. 
Great reviews too. 
The code is valid on the silver model only. 
-LSB- Balancefrom High Accuracy Plus Digital Bathroom Scale with Backlight LCD and Step-On Technology, $ 19 with code 72WKNC7C -RSB- 
The beautiful, hardcover Star Trek Federation: The First 150 Years has glowing critical and consumer reviews. 
You can own it today for just $ 20, which is lightyears away from its usual $ 60 price. 
Want your deals the old fashioned way? 
Sign up for this IFTTT recipe to get a digest of all our posts sent to your email every afternoon. 
Black Friday and Cyber Monday are right around the corner. 
Keep it locked here for the Internet's best coverage. 
We work together with you to find the best products and the best deals on them, click here to learn more. 
We operate independently of Editorial and Advertising, and if you take advantage of an item we cover, we may get a small share of the sale. 
We want your feedback. 
Android/iOS: Google's new Inbox app lets you bundle messages for easy organization. 
It's great, but there's more you can do with those bundles. 
After creating one, you can control how often a bundle appears, like once a day or once a week, or even have it skip the inbox altogether. 
By default, bundles appear as messages arrive, which often causes more clutter than necessary. 
For example: It would be nice to have all your newsletters appear once a day, rather than throughout the day. 
With bundles you can make these types of changes. 
Set your less urgent bundles to show up once a day, once a week, or, if you're avoiding spam, never. 
It's easy: 
Skip the Inbox keeps the messages bundled and makes the entire bundle disappear, so make sure you check it. 
If you don't, the messages will start appearing individually. 
Use these settings to help you put the important messages in the forefront and block out the noise. 
I'm in the market for a new not used car. 
Winter is approaching quickly and I would really like something with all-wheel-drive or 4-wheel-drive. 
I would prefer something on the smaller side with decent gas mileage. 
I have a max budget of $ 20,000 before taxes and fees. 
This is not an easy segment to shop in, but automakers like Honda and Mazda are realizing that folks want affordable AWD compacts. 
However the HR-V and CX-3 won't be available for some time. 
So if you are in need of something small and cheap that can get you through the winter right now, there are a few solid values. 
Before I go any further, I must disclose that having an AWD/4WD vehicle in the winter will not make you invincible because your traction is only as good as your tires. 
Regardless of your driven wheels, I strongly suggest investing in an extra set of wheels and tires that you can swap on when the temperature drops. 
Keep in mind that winter tires are not just meant for the snow and ice, but their rubber compound is designed to grip better on colder surfaces even when dry. 
So know that you are going to get yourself a winter wheel/tire set, your AWD/4WD vechicle should do pretty well. 
Jeeps are rugged, off-road, 4 wheel-drive legends, right? 
Certain vehicles like the Wrangler and Cherokee have that reputation, but with a sub 20k budget your only choices are the Patriot and Compass. 
While you can get either one of these brand new well within your budget, neither car was Jeep's best effort in terms of making an affordable 4WD machine. 
Both of them are due to be replaced by the upcoming Renegade, that should be a great mini off-road runabout. 
However, the Renegade is not due to hit showrooms until sometime early 2015. 
If you fancy yourself a wannabe rally driver you are probably familiar with the legendary Lancer Evolution. 
Of course you could pick up a pre-owned Evo, but my guess is you want something with a warranty that hasn't been hooned to death. 
The good news is Mitsubishi has some affordable options in the way of the Evo's relatives. 
First up is the Lancer SE AWC. 
Many shoppers weren't even aware that the base Lancer sedan was available with a selectable all-wheel-drive system. 
Even though the MSRP is $ 21,805, if you shop carefully you find ones for under $ 18,000. 
Also available is the Lancer's much easier to find crossover cousin the Outlander Sport, that can be easily had for under $ 20k. 
Both Mitsus offer a decent amount of punch and are a solid value for the equipment and long warranty, but their antiquated CVT often ruins the fun. 
The all new Nissan Rogue is a sharp looking car with some great features, it is a huge improvement over the previous generation. 
However, for some reason Nissan is keeping the old Rogue around and calling it the Rogue Select. 
It isn't bad little crossover, it's just not exiting. 
The good news is you can find numerous AWD examples well within your budget. 
Now if you wanted something a little different and fun to toss around, the Nissan Juke with it's torque vectoring AWD system make this hatch/crossover thingy an enjoyable commuter. 
The downside to the Juke's punchy turbo motor is the gas mileage is not great considering it's size. 
When most folks think of the best car brand for winter driving, Subaru immediately comes to mind. 
Subaru's combination of horizontally opposed engines and symmetrical AWD systems make them sturdy and stable when the white stuff covers the roadways. 
While most of Subaru's lineup is above the $ 20,000 threshold, you can pick up a minimally equipped Impreza sedan for just under $ 19,000. 
The Impreza also gets the best gas mileage of the bunch at 34mpg if you can tolerate the CVT, however, if you prefer to row-your-own, a 5 speed manual is available. 
Of course, with any of these selections you want to take a broader look at your car buying needs and not just focus on one thing. 
Also keep in mind that even with a good set of snow tires and all-wheel-drive, sometimes it's best just to stay home. 
Wineskin is a free, open source utility that ports Windows programs to OS X so you can run them natively. 
It's built on Wine, an engine made for developers to help the quickly port software. 
There are a few apps that do this, like previously mentioned WineBottler or commercial software like CrossOver, but we 've had the best luck work with Wineskin. 
Due to the way Wineskin works, you won't be able to play the newest, most graphically intense games or power-hungry software. 
But you can port older software and lightweight games that don't hog a ton of resources like many indie games. 
For more intense programs, you 'll likely want to dual boot Windows with Apple's Boot Camp software instead. 
Software will likely run better with Boot Camp, but Wineskin is great because you can port your favorite program and run it right in OS X -- without ever purchasing Windows or rebooting your computer. 
With that out of the way, let's port some software. 
We 've tested Wineskin with a number of apps, but we 'll use Torchlight II as our sample since the Mac port seems to be dead in the water. 
Before you start, you 'll need to download Wineskin. 
Once you 've got it, go ahead and drag the file to your Applications folder and launch it. 
If you haven't already, download the Windows installer for your program of choice as well in this case, the Torchlight II installer. 
Instead of always updating the program itself, you 'll update two different things in Wineskin: the wrapper and the engine. 
You 'll get to the engine in the next step, but you can update the wrapper version right now by just clicking on the Update button. 
A wrapper is a set of registry files and a fake C: drive. 
You 'll need to make a new wrapper for each application you want to port. 
Next up, it's time to install a Wineskin Engine. 
This is where things get a little weird. 
An engine includes a bunch of settings that can help you run software. 
The newest version is WS9 1.7.29. 
You can download and use older Wineskin engines, and certain engines are more compatible with certain titles than others. 
Just click the + button and choose the engine you want to use for your software port. 
When I first tried to run Torchlight II, I went with the newest version of the Wineskin engine and couldn't get it to work. 
So, I did some digging to figure out why. 
Thankfully, Wine HQ features a huge list of software compatibility. 
After searching for Torchlight II, I found that it only works with WS9 1.7.16. 
So, before you pick your engine, dig around on Wine HQ to see what other people are saying about compatibility. 
The newest version isn't always the best, so pick whichever engine seems to have the most compatibility with the software you want to port. 
Your wrapper is now created. 
Before you can install software, though, you 'll need to mess around with some options. 
Next, it's time to make some tweaks to your wrapper. 
Double-click the file in Finder You might get an error message the first time, just double-click it again if you do and you 'll open up the Wrapper settings. 
You 'll see three options here: Install Software, Set Screen Options, and Advanced. 
Unless you know your software is fully compatible with no additional settings, hold off on installing for now. 
Instead, click Advanced. 
The Advanced setting has a ton of options, and most of them are pretty confusing. 
On your main Configuration tab, you can set up a special Windows EXE file to open, change the app icon, and rename the app if you want. 
The Tools tab has a ton of different options to change up configurations, install special Winetricks to make software more compatible, and rebuild your wrappers. 
WineTricks is a script that installs basic components into your wrapper. 
These are usually Microsoft DLL files and fonts that can fix problems with your ports. 
There are a billion WineTricks to choose from, but you 'll find guides for installing them here. 
The Options tab has more options for your software that include changing how a three button mouse works, how the ALT key works, and more. 
At a glance, all this stuff is pretty overwhelming and hard to really understand. 
Don't worry though. 
You have a couple of options for figuring out which settings you need to alter. 
The first place you should check is Wine HQ. 
If you're trying to install popular software, you 'll usually find a guide for doing so on Wine HQ. 
Take a look at the Team Fortress 2 page as an example. 
Each bit of software you install needs a custom set of Wrapper settings, so prepare to dig into these pages each time you want to make your own port. 
Unfortunately, Torchlight II doesn't have a very good page on Wine HQ. 
So, I turned to Google and found IAM SysAdmin's post on getting it to work. 
Here's the gist of what I had to configure just to give you an idea of what you can expect with this step: 
Obviously, not all software requires this much configuration, but some of it will. 
Unless you're a Windows master who's great at reading error logs, I suggest hunting down working configuration settings before you try to install software. 
You 'll find your ports in your Wineskin folder User > Applications > Wineskin. 
Just double-click your newly created app to run it. 
If everything worked it 'll load up and you can start using it as if it was a Mac app. 
If you installed a game, you might want to pop into the Settings before you start and drop down any graphics settings. 
Since it's a hacked together port of software, things tend to be a bit slow, so you're better off starting with low graphics settings and moving up. 
That's it! 
You can reconfigure any settings or mess around with different options if you need to. 
You 'll likely have mixed luck with porting your software, but it's worth a try and 20 minutes of your time if you want to run Windows software on your Mac desktop, without having to install a virtual machine or partition your drive with Boot Camp. 
. 
There's a lack of information about flood risk worldwide, and it leaves people in flood-prone areas unaware of their danger, and less likely to take precautions. 
The image above comes from a study published last month in Geophysical Research Letters that used nighttime satellite imagery to see where waterfronts are in danger. 
Using night lights to show both population density and economic activity, this study combined imagery from NOAA's DMSP F17 satellite with US Geological Survey maps of flood-prone areas world wide. 
According to the research, the amount of light in river areas has increased 1.2 percent globally over the past 20 years. 
Of course, this number is different depending on where you are in the globe. 
Unsurprisingly, these changes are happening fastest in the developing world. 
For example, Sudan has had a night-light increase of 6.4 percent per year over the past 20 years. 
In 2007, record floods in that country killed hundreds of people, destroyed thousands of homes, and caused millions of dollars in damage. 
The data isn't perfect. 
For one, several countries aren't represented in the USGS river database Russia and Canada, most notably. 
Also, human and economic activity don't always give off light. 
Night lights are a product of population growth, economic growth, and access to electricity, said Brenden Jongman, a researcher at the Institute for Environmental Studies at VU University Amsterdam in the Netherlands, who was not part of the study. 
In many places, like Bangladesh or Thailand, access to electricity is missing and therefore night lights aren't a good proxy for the lives and property at stake. 
Nor are all rivers equally likely to flood. 
Serena Ceola, an environmental engineer at the University of Bologna in Italy and lead author of the study said the next step is to incorporate data on climate change, weather patterns, and individual river characteristics. 
In a prime-time speech on Thursday, Obama defied congressional Republicans by announcing a plan that shields up to 5 million immigrants from deportation. 
Via the PBS Newshour, here's video of Obama's 15-minute speech: 
Also, here is the text of the speech as it was prepared for delivery: My fellow Americans, tonight, I'd like to talk with you about immigration. 
For more than 200 years, our tradition of welcoming immigrants from around the world has given us a tremendous advantage over other nations. 
It's kept us youthful, dynamic, and entrepreneurial. 
It has shaped our character as a people with limitless possibilities -- people not trapped by our past, but able to remake ourselves as we choose. 
But today, our immigration system is broken, and everybody knows it. 
Families who enter our country the right way and play by the rules watch others flout the rules. 
Business owners who offer their workers good wages and benefits see the competition exploit undocumented immigrants by paying them far less. 
All of us take offense to anyone who reaps the rewards of living in America without taking on the responsibilities of living in America. 
And undocumented immigrants who desperately want to embrace those responsibilities see little option but to remain in the shadows, or risk their families being torn apart. 
It's been this way for decades. 
And for decades, we haven't done much about it. 
When I took office, I committed to fixing this broken immigration system. 
And I began by doing what I could to secure our borders. 
Today, we have more agents and technology deployed to secure our southern border than at any time in our history. 
And over the past six years, illegal border crossings have been cut by more than half. 
Although this summer, there was a brief spike in unaccompanied children being apprehended at our border, the number of such children is now actually lower than it's been in nearly two years. 
Overall, the number of people trying to cross our border illegally is at its lowest level since the 1970s. 
Those are the facts. 
Meanwhile, I worked with Congress on a comprehensive fix, and last year, 68 Democrats, Republicans, and Independents came together to pass a bipartisan bill in the Senate. 
It wasn't perfect. 
It was a compromise, but it reflected common sense. 
It would have doubled the number of border patrol agents, while giving undocumented immigrants a pathway to citizenship if they paid a fine, started paying their taxes, and went to the back of the line. 
And independent experts said that it would help grow our economy and shrink our deficits. 
Had the House of Representatives allowed that kind of a bill a simple yes-or-no vote, it would have passed with support from both parties, and today it would be the law. 
But for a year and a half now, Republican leaders in the House have refused to allow that simple vote. 
Now, I continue to believe that the best way to solve this problem is by working together to pass that kind of common sense law. 
But until that happens, there are actions I have the legal authority to take as President -- the same kinds of actions taken by Democratic and Republican Presidents before me -- that will help make our immigration system more fair and more just. 
First, we 'll build on our progress at the border with additional resources for our law enforcement personnel so that they can stem the flow of illegal crossings, and speed the return of those who do cross over. 
Second, I will make it easier and faster for high-skilled immigrants, graduates, and entrepreneurs to stay and contribute to our economy, as so many business leaders have proposed. 
Third, we 'll take steps to deal responsibly with the millions of undocumented immigrants who already live in our country. 
I want to say more about this third issue, because it generates the most passion and controversy. 
Even as we are a nation of immigrants, we are also a nation of laws. 
Undocumented workers broke our immigration laws, and I believe that they must be held accountable -- especially those who may be dangerous. 
That's why, over the past six years, deportations of criminals are up 80 percent. 
And that's why we're going to keep focusing enforcement resources on actual threats to our security. 
Felons, not families. 
Criminals, not children. 
Gang members, not a mother who's working hard to provide for her kids. 
We 'll prioritize, just like law enforcement does every day. 
But even as we focus on deporting criminals, the fact is, millions of immigrants -- in every state, of every race and nationality -- will still live here illegally. 
And let's be honest -- tracking down, rounding up, and deporting millions of people isn't realistic. 
Anyone who suggests otherwise isn't being straight with you. 
It's also not who we are as Americans. 
After all, most of these immigrants have been here a long time. 
They work hard, often in tough, low-paying jobs. 
They support their families. 
They worship at our churches. 
Many of their kids are American-born or spent most of their lives here, and their hopes, dreams, and patriotism are just like ours. 
As my predecessor, President Bush, once put it: They are a part of American life. 
Now here's the thing: we expect people who live in this country to play by the rules. 
We expect that those who cut the line will not be unfairly rewarded. 
So we're going to offer the following deal: If you 've been in America for more than five years ; if you have children who are American citizens or legal residents ; if you register, pass a criminal background check, and you're willing to pay your fair share of taxes -- you 'll be able to apply to stay in this country temporarily, without fear of deportation. 
You can come out of the shadows and get right with the law. 
That's what this deal is. 
Now let's be clear about what it isn't. 
This deal does not apply to anyone who has come to this country recently. 
It does not apply to anyone who might come to America illegally in the future. 
It does not grant citizenship, or the right to stay here permanently, or offer the same benefits that citizens receive -- only Congress can do that. 
All we're saying is we're not going to deport you. 
I know some of the critics of this action call it amnesty. 
Well, it's not. 
Amnesty is the immigration system we have today -- millions of people who live here without paying their taxes or playing by the rules, while politicians use the issue to scare people and whip up votes at election time. 
That's the real amnesty -- leaving this broken system the way it is. 
Mass amnesty would be unfair. 
Mass deportation would be both impossible and contrary to our character. 
What I'm describing is accountability -- a commonsense, middle ground approach: If you meet the criteria, you can come out of the shadows and get right with the law. 
If you're a criminal, you 'll be deported. 
If you plan to enter the U.S. illegally, your chances of getting caught and sent back just went up. 
The actions I'm taking are not only lawful, they're the kinds of actions taken by every single Republican President and every single Democratic President for the past half century. 
And to those Members of Congress who question my authority to make our immigration system work better, or question the wisdom of me acting where Congress has failed, I have one answer: Pass a bill. 
I want to work with both parties to pass a more permanent legislative solution. 
And the day I sign that bill into law, the actions I take will no longer be necessary. 
Meanwhile, don't let a disagreement over a single issue be a dealbreaker on every issue. 
That's not how our democracy works, and Congress certainly shouldn't shut down our government again just because we disagree on this. 
Americans are tired of gridlock. 
What our country needs from us right now is a common purpose -- a higher purpose. 
Most Americans support the types of reforms I 've talked about tonight. 
But I understand the disagreements held by many of you at home. 
Millions of us, myself included, go back generations in this country, with ancestors who put in the painstaking work to become citizens. 
So we don't like the notion that anyone might get a free pass to American citizenship. 
I know that some worry immigration will change the very fabric of who we are, or take our jobs, or stick it to middle-class families at a time when they already feel like they 've gotten the raw end of the deal for over a decade. 
I hear these concerns. 
But that's not what these steps would do. 
Our history and the facts show that immigrants are a net plus for our economy and our society. 
And I believe it's important that all of us have this debate without impugning each other's character. 
Because for all the back-and-forth of Washington, we have to remember that this debate is about something bigger. 
It's about who we are as a country, and who we want to be for future generations. 
Are we a nation that tolerates the hypocrisy of a system where workers who pick our fruit and make our beds never have a chance to get right with the law? 
Or are we a nation that gives them a chance to make amends, take responsibility, and give their kids a better future? 
Are we a nation that accepts the cruelty of ripping children from their parents' arms? 
Or are we a nation that values families, and works to keep them together? 
Are we a nation that educates the world's best and brightest in our universities, only to send them home to create businesses in countries that compete against us? 
Or are we a nation that encourages them to stay and create jobs, businesses, and industries right here in America? 
That's what this debate is all about. 
We need more than politics as usual when it comes to immigration ; we need reasoned, thoughtful, compassionate debate that focuses on our hopes, not our fears. 
I know the politics of this issue are tough. 
But let me tell you why I have come to feel so strongly about it. 
Over the past few years, I have seen the determination of immigrant fathers who worked two or three jobs, without taking a dime from the government, and at risk at any moment of losing it all, just to build a better life for their kids. 
I 've seen the heartbreak and anxiety of children whose mothers might be taken away from them just because they didn't have the right papers. 
I 've seen the courage of students who, except for the circumstances of their birth, are as American as Malia or Sasha ; students who bravely come out as undocumented in hopes they could make a difference in a country they love. 
These people -- our neighbors, our classmates, our friends -- they did not come here in search of a free ride or an easy life. 
They came to work, and study, and serve in our military, and above all, contribute to America's success. 
Tomorrow, I 'll travel to Las Vegas and meet with some of these students, including a young woman named Astrid Silva. 
Astrid was brought to America when she was four years old. 
Her only possessions were a cross, her doll, and the frilly dress she had on. 
When she started school, she didn't speak any English. 
She caught up to the other kids by reading newspapers and watching PBS, and became a good student. 
Her father worked in landscaping. 
Her mother cleaned other people's homes. 
They wouldn't let Astrid apply to a technology magnet school for fear the paperwork would out her as an undocumented immigrant -- so she applied behind their back and got in. 
Still, she mostly lived in the shadows -- until her grandmother, who visited every year from Mexico, passed away, and she couldn't travel to the funeral without risk of being found out and deported. 
It was around that time she decided to begin advocating for herself and others like her, and today, Astrid Silva is a college student working on her third degree. 
Are we a nation that kicks out a striving, hopeful immigrant like Astrid -- or are we a nation that finds a way to welcome her in? 
Scripture tells us that we shall not oppress a stranger, for we know the heart of a stranger -- we were strangers once, too. 
My fellow Americans, we are and always will be a nation of immigrants. 
We were strangers once, too. 
And whether our forebears were strangers who crossed the Atlantic, or the Pacific, or the Rio Grande, we are here only because this country welcomed them in, and taught them that to be an American is about something more than what we look like, or what our last names are, or how we worship. 
What makes us Americans is our shared commitment to an ideal -- that all of us are created equal, and all of us have the chance to make of our lives what we will. 
That's the country our parents and grandparents and generations before them built for us. 
That's the tradition we must uphold. 
That's the legacy we must leave for those who are yet to come. 
Thank you, God bless you, and God bless this country we love. 
A collaboration between 6kyubi6, 74louloute and fujiia celebrates the awesomeness that is Mario Kart. 
Even though this game makes you hate your friends, these pals somehow made this build come together. 
All of my favorite characters are represented and nearly all of the weapons of destruction were built. 
Kinja is in read-only mode. 
We are working to restore service. 
Here's a sad story: a UK woman brought her husband's ashes to a T-Mobile store after they refused to cancel the dead man's contract. 
That's an extreme case, but indicative of the nightmare some people have to go through to close an account. 
Have you ever had a hard time canceling a contract? 
Tell us about it. 
The woman who had to bring her ashes eventually got to cancel the contract. 
But it took a whole lot -- sending death certificates, making of phone calls, and ultimately going to the store in person with his remains in tow. 
Your plight may not be as dramatic, but if you have a story of carrier canceling horror, tell us about it below. 
Contractual agreements are in the very early stages between the two companies and these things could always fall apart. 
However, if it does happen, we 've been told that some assets will be rolled into Fab founder Jason Goldberg's new furniture design company Hem and the rest will be taken over by PCH. 
Fab was once a Silicon Valley darling. 
The likely purchase price is a paltry one, compared to the $ 150 million it raised at a $ 1 billion valuation just over a year ago. 
Goldberg admitted the company was burning through $ 14 million a month before a massive round of layoffs in June. 
Fab's been on the market for a couple months, from what we 've been hearing. 
However, Goldberg told TechCrunch back in October that, We had an opportunity to sell Fab in the last couple of years, and I said, ` I didn't start it to sell it, I started it to build a great e-commerce business. 
Fab has seen some drastic changes in its 3 years of operation. 
It started out as a dating site for the gay community and then relaunched as a flash sale site for home decor. 
Fab announced just six months after the pivot that it had grown its membership to 2 million, with sales averaging $ 1.5 million a week. 
A source close to the company tells us no one really works at Fab anymore. 
Although one could argue that technically most of what Fab was has been rolled into Goldberg's new venture. 
He's now shifted all focus to Hem and has moved to Berlin to manage everything there. 
Goldberg maintains his CEO title in both Fab and Hem at this time. 
With the update, users can re-size tables they 've created and customize background colors and border styles. 
Search results are now displayed by relevance and users now have the ability to search for notes via Spotlight. 
Users can also finally share created notes with others without having to leave the app. 
Other notable additions include: 
Evernote completely rewrote their Mac app just so it could be faster and more reliable. 
To see more notes and download the app for free, check out the link below. 
Programming in general is a valuable skill when it comes to searching for jobs, but employers will pay more for some of them. 
If you're wondering what you should learn to broaden your horizon, here's a list of the top 12 paying skills right now. 
The digital news site Quartz scoured an exhaustive report from the Brookings Institution containing data on thousands of American job ads, and then filtered out all of the programming skills. 
The salary for each skill listed is an average based on those thousands of job listings. 
Here are the top five: 
It's important to keep in mind that a high salary doesn't necessarily mean that the the position is high demand. 
Additionally, focusing on only one skill can hurt you down the line if a certain language falls dramatically in use or popularity. 
Pick a few of the most sought after skills to become familiar with and, most importantly, learn how to learn. 
If you know how to pick up any programming skill quickly, you 'll be much better off. 
To read more and see the rest of the top 12, check out the link below. 
Being truly productive is about more than just getting the things you need done each day. 
To be at your most productive you need to use all of your time to the fullest, and in that way you never really have a time when you're free. 
Chris Guillebeau, creator and writer of the blog The Art of Non-Conformity, decided to take on a common request you probably heard at some point: Let's talk when you're free. 
Guillebeau explains that this is a foolish request for productivity-focused individuals: 
Productive people are never free. 
They don't have 15 minutes on their lunch break to have a quick call. 
They don't kill time -- a terrible phrase. 
You can always put a window of time to good use if you work for it. 
Productive people schedule their priorities -- not always their time, but always their priorities. 
When they don't have something to do, they find something to do. 
Time is a precious resource that you only have so much of, so use it wisely. 
Remember, doing the things you want to do -- like spending time with family or friends, reading, playing games, drawing -- is still productive to you even if it's not work. 
Tell yourself that you don't have free time, and schedule your priorities, because there is always something productive that can be done. 
Android: Today, Evernote added the slick business card scanning feature from the iOS version to Android. 
Simply take a picture of a business card and Evernote will parse the data and create a new contact for you. 
The feature is part of Evernote Premium. 
However, if you connect Evernote to LinkedIn, you can use it for free for a year. 
Which you should probably do anyway, since Evernote can pull data it recognizes from LinkedIn to make your notes even more useful. 
If you don't want to connected LinkedIn, Evernote Premium costs $ 5/month or $ 45 per year if you pay up front. 
Have you ever bought something and then noticed in the retailers next flyer that the item is now on sale? 
If you're a bargain shopper like me, you know it can be maddening. 
But fortunately many major retailers will happily offer you a price adjustment within a set period of time. 
Want to see your work on Lifehacker? 
Email Andy. 
Deadspin The Amazing True Story Of My Exploding Balls | Jalopnik How ... Deadspin The Amazing True Story Of My Exploding Balls | Jalopnik How ... Gawker The Undoing of Bill Cosby | Gizmodo When Porn and Virtual Reality Collide NSFW | io9 10 Characters Who Should Have Read The Damn Instruction Manual | Kotaku One Year Later, Should You Get An Xbox One Or A PS4? 
| Kinja Popular Posts 
Kinja is in read-only mode. 
We are working to restore service. 
iOS: If you're a web developer, checking out the source code behind a web site is a pretty common task. 
View Source is an iOS app that allows you to do it on any page and includes handy syntax highlighting that makes it easy to find what you need. 
As an app, you can just drop a URL into it and View Source shows you the code behind it. 
More useful is the new Safari extension. 
Just navigate to any page in Safari, tap the extension, and you can view the source right there. 
Obviously you can always get a mobile view by switching your desktop browser's user agent, but this is a handy way to peel back the curtain when you're on the go. 
If you're a cyclist, you need a patch kit. 
It doesn't matter if you're a commuter or a weekend warrior, if you're traveling away from home, you need the tools and skills to fix a flat. 
The Sweethome breaks down the best gear for your kit and shows you how to use it. 
The Sweethome breaks down what you need in your patch kit patches, pump, tire levers, spare tube, multitool, then rates the best and shows you how to use them. 
Even if you're well-versed in what's required in a patch kit, it's still useful to check out their guide and tests for the best tools for the job. 
Chrome: Many web sites are almost blindingly bright, with glaringly white backgrounds that could cause eyestrain. 
Deluminate is an extension that lets you dim or invert the luminance of pages in your browser so they're easier to read. 
The extension has a number of settings as well as keyboard shortcuts to turn Deluminate on or off for any site you're on. 
You can simply dim a page so it's light or medium or dark gray instead of white or invert the luminance, as shown above. 
You can also control how images are treated in the tweak. 
Many areas of the country are getting hit by cold fronts and snow, and many others can expect the same this winter. 
So let's talk snow shoveling technique. 
When shoveling snow manually, you 'll want to be as efficient as possible so you don't hurt yourself and can get back into your warm home as soon as you can. 
Popular Mechanics offers over a dozen rules for shoveling snow, such as stretching first and maintaining the proper posture use your legs, not your back or shoulders. 
Three tips are about strategically moving the snow, in rectangles: 
Do the foreground then the backgroundFor example, to clear snow from a rectangle, first shovel a strip clear along the perimeter of the rectangle. 
Then, moving from the center to the edge, push the snow into the cleared area. 
Next, lift and throw the snow out of the area. 
Perhaps more important, though, is their advice to not move the same snow twice. 
Decide where you're going to move the snow and start by putting the first shovelfuls far from you and then the remaining snow closer and closer to where you are, so in the end your shovel moves shortest distance. 
Every year, our sister publication TechCrunch Japan has its own tech conference called TechCrunch Tokyo to bring together local investors and entrepreneurs and to introduce that crowd to some of the more successful startups from the U.S. and Europe. 
This year, speakers visiting Japan for the event included Pebble CEO Eric Migicovsky and Product Hunt founder Ryan Hoover, among others. 
This year, the competition boasted a wide range of startups across a number of different product categories. 
That included everything from education to small business backend tools to food delivery to outsourcing logistics for businesses. 
In many ways, what was most interesting to me was how many of the same businesses and concepts that have launched in the U.S. are also being tackled by Japanese entrepreneurs. 
For instance, it's easy to see the parallels between food delivery startup Bento, which gets 500-yen bento boxes to customers in under 10 minutes, and San Francisco's Sprig or Spoonrocket offerings. 
And Bizer, which provides cloud-based backend management tools for small businesses, reminded me of how Zenefits is providing a simple platform for SMBs to manage HR practices in the U.S. 
While many of the startups were trying to solve problems specifically for Japanese users, there were others that had more global appeal. 
The startup which walked away with the main prize -- more on that later -- had created a product that could be used by developers anywhere in the world. 
Mikan is an app to help users studying English to quickly boost their vocabulary. 
Aiming to boost the number of Japanese citizens who are bilingual to 100 million by 2020, Mikan provides a flash-card like functionality for reviewing groups of words to understand their definition. 
The app separates vocab words into categories of those users know and those they don't, and keeps serving up those they don't until they get them. 
As a result, users are able to learn vocab words more quickly than traditional methods -- up to 1,000 in just one 24-hour period, according to the founder. 
While a number of fashion apps out there are aimed at getting users to discover new fashions, Closet is designed to help fashion-conscious users get more use out of the clothes they already own. 
Users simply take photos of their individual pieces of clothing and then can mix and match them to create new and interesting outfits and share them with others. 
There are already a number of smart locks out there, but Akerun is specifically targeting the Japanese market. 
The lock should work with about 80 percent of all locks in the country, and could be sold either to consumers or to rental businesses or hotels or even businesses. 
Unfortunately Akerun suffered from the dreaded live presentation demo fail so we didn't get to see it in action, but the design looks cool at least! 
Wovn is a service that aims to make more websites accessible to a global audience. 
By adding one line of code to their sites, the product will automatically detect a user's language settings and deliver a localized page to them. 
That will help Japanese website owners, in particular, reach the 95 percent of web users that don't read Japanese. 
In addition to automatically providing a localized version of those sites, Wovn also helps site owners create those new versions, providing either machine translation which is free or work done by a professional translator which it charges for. 
Mobile quiz app Match is an educational tool disguised as a game. 
Like QuizUp, the app lets users match up against one another and answer quiz questions about a variety of topics. 
By adding gamification to education, it hopes to increase user's general knowledge of those categories over time, while also being fun. 
I mean, who doesn't want to have fun while also learning? 
There are about 3 million small businesses in Japan, and Bizer wants to help the people who run those businesses with all the backoffice things they need to take care of. 
The company charges a 2980-yen monthly subscription for the service, which simplifies the process of doing paperwork needed to get employees onboarded and up and running. 
By doing so, it speeds up the process and could lower the costs associated with bringing on new hires. 
FiNC is a service that is focused on helping Japanese people live healthier lives through a mix of data and training. 
The service runs on a monthly subscription and connects users with private diet coaches and gym programs after assessing them for health and fitness, to provide a personalized program for improving their health. 
Spacemarket wants to be like Airbnb for meeting spaces, allowing businesses that have unique spaces to rent them out on its peer-to-peer platform. 
It hopes to enable its customers to book company meetings and retreats in places they wouldn't normally have access to. 
It's not a totally unique idea -- there's a startup in the U.S. called PeerSpace doing the same thing -- but Spacemarket is looking specifically at the Japanese market. 
Yes, they have food delivery apps in Japan, too. 
The trick behind mobile app Bento is providing ultra-fast delivery of ultra-cheap bento boxes that are priced at 500 yen each, which is less than $ 5 US. 
But the company is looking at other potential categories of food -- like coffee, for instance -- and is even considering moving into the broader logistics business with delivery of non-food goods. 
This startup wants to capitalize on the growth of YouTube and make the viewing of videos hosted there a little more social. 
By allowing people to watch videos in viewing parties yTuber.tv is hoping to improve the online video experience and reduce the current loneliness factor. 
To do so, it's also curating the videos, choosing longer-form selections for increased viewing time and engagement. 
OpenLogi wants to simplify the process of shipping for businesses who want easy way to fulfill orders that their customers have placed. 
OpenLogi has built relationships with multiple carriers to ensure the best shipping rates, which it makes transparently available on its website. 
The company has also built an easy platform for fulfilling orders and printing shipping labels, a process which takes more than a dozen clicks when fulfilled by Amazon. 
By contrast, there are only two or three pieces of information and clicks for a customer using OpenLogi's platform. 
As a growing number of entrepreneurs are dipping into creating hardware, the desire to develop their own chipsets for controlling devices has increased. 
The only problem is that custom ASIC development is a frustrating and time-consuming process. 
But not anymore ... AgIC reduces the cost of chip development and the time associated with prototyping by allowing its users to print transistor designs to paper with conductive ink delivered via inkjet printer. 
The cost of the conductive ink cartridges would be about 20,000 yen or about 200 yen less than $ 2 US for each printout. 
The technology makes ASIC development easy, fast, and affordable. 
It's tech that could be used around the globe, and it could open up development to a whole new group of entrepreneurs to create new and interesting hardware devices and applications. 
As a result, the judges thought AgIC had the best largest potential global reach and impact of the companies that presented. 
All of which is why they were happy to award the winning prize and 1,000,000 yen to the startup. 
The right furnishings and decor can turn your bedroom into a relaxing retreat and help you get a good night's rest. 
What bedroom items or upgrades do you suggest for making over a bedroom? 
To play, add a comment with the name of the upgrade it could be paint color, for example or item e.g., a specific lamp from IKEA and add a photo if possible. 
We're not putting a price limit on these, but try to keep them reasonable. 
Comcast is launching a new technician tracker through its MyAccount app, which lets you keep an eye on where the Comcast technician that's supposed to be at your house actually is. 
Waiting around for the cable guy to show up is a total pain in the butt and a huge waste of time. 
I never thought I'd say this, but thank you Comcast. 
The new tracker is launching as a trial in Boston, and it basically works exactly the way this should have worked forever. 
When your tech is about 30 minutes away, you 'll get an alert on your phone. 
So that means you don't have to be waiting by the door for the entirety of an appointment window for the cable guy to show up. 
If the trial goes well, the company will launch the service to all of its users in 2015. 
Comcast has a terrible track record when it comes to customer service, so it's refreshing to see it do something nice for a change. 
-LSB- Comcast -RSB- 
iOS/Android soon: Clipping coupons is a great way to save money on groceries, as long as you're willing to put in the time. 
Milk automatically finds and applies coupons for everything you're buying, so you get all the discounts automatically -- with nothing but a single tap on your phone. 
Milk is from the same people who made Honey, the Chrome extension that finds and applies coupons for whatever you buy on the internet, and automatically applies them. 
Milk works in much the same way -- but in real life. 
Here's how it works: You need a rewards card for the store in question like Kroger or Ralph's, and you need to register an online account for that card. 
Those online accounts allow you to clip online coupons to your card, then just scan the card at checkout to get the discounts. 
Milk automates this entire process by applying all the available coupons to your card in one tap. 
That way, for every item in your cart that has a coupon available, you automatically get the discount, without doing any extra work. 
Once you 've set it up, the process works like this: 
I tested it last night, on a relatively small shopping trip -- just a couple items -- and I saved $ 5 without even trying. 
That's pretty awesome. 
Sure, you may not be able to get as deep a discount as if you were extreme couponing, but for most of us -- who ignore coupons entirely because they're just too much work -- this is a great way to effortlessly save a few bucks. 
It literally only takes one tap on your phone for every trip you take. 
Milk is free for the first three months, and then costs $ 9.99 a year after that or you can buy in monthly installments. 
It seems like a lot, but considering it saved me half of that on only one trip, it's well worth the price -- especially if the alternative is being too lazy to use coupons at all. 
Whether the weather's got you down or you have the Monday Blues, it can be tough to see a way out of a low. 
Take on a goal that requires a lot of willpower. 
Accomplishing it will boost your sense of self-control and morale. 
Willpower is a good thing, but its role is to keep us from things we want to do, so it's not always fun to think about. 
Gretchen Rubin says the end feeling of self-control is powerful enough to make exercising your willpower a big morale booster. 
She explains: 
... I was particularly struck by Isherwood's passing remark, of his cigarette smoking: I had given up the habit with difficulty in 1941, because I was upset about my parting from Vernon and wanted to raise my morale by asserting my willpower. 
I was fascinated by this brief remark. 
He wanted to raise his morale by asserting his willpower.We usually think of an effort like quitting smoking as something that's demanding, draining, a big drag. 
And it is, of course.But it's also interesting to see that an effort like that is also a morale-booster. 
And it's true: whenever we ask something of ourselves, and follow through, we get a big boost in our sense of self-efficacy, our sense of control over ourselves. 
Think about the times you 've been proud of yourself for going back to the gym, giving up soda, or taking on a big project. 
That sense of pride in your self for being in control is enough to pick yourself back up when you're feeling low. 
A Surprising Way to Feel Better About Yourself. 
Have You Tried It? 
| The Happiness Project 
When you start feeling those symptoms of anxiety like clammy hands or butterflies in the stomach, don't concentrate on them. 
Recognize those feelings for what they are a reaction to a perceived threat, remind yourself there really isn't a threat, and double down your focus on the person you're with. 
Really listen to what they're saying, ask follow up questions, and be genuinely curious about the person.If you find yourself slipping back into self-conscious thoughts, remind yourself that no one is likely noticing how nervous you feel. 
Heck, other people probably aren't thinking very much about you because they're so wrapped up in their own thoughts or in what they're about to say. 
You're definitely not the only self-conscious one in the room, and it's okay to feel shy or anxious. 
Accept it, and pull your mind back to what the person is saying, listen actively, and have fun. 
iOS: LoungeBuddy helps you find the best airport lounges to use during your travels. 
Today, LoungeBuddy updated their iOS app with new features, like purchasing lounge access right from your device at the airport. 
Many lounges have free access, especially if you use tricks or social engineering to get in. 
But now with LoungeBuddy you can get around that whole process and buy access on your phone, then walk right in to the lounge. 
The update is rolling out first to locations in the UK, then the US and other parts of the world. 
Wayfarer is a new blog from Lifehacker all about better travel. 
Follow us on Twitter here. 
Over time, sediment can settle and build up inside of a water heater. 
This can cause your pipes to corrode and lead to plumbing issues down the road. 
Avoid these problems by draining and flushing your water heater at least once a year. 
YouTube user iScaper1 walks you through the process in the video above. 
Flushing your water heater is an easy do-it-yourself project that you can pull off in an hour, with only a garden hose and a pair of channel lock pliers. 
Water heaters can be powered by electricity, natural gas or oil. 
Make sure the power supply is switched off or at a lower setting before making any changes to your water heater. 
There's nothing better than finding that special bar. 
The one that has your favorite scotch, or makes a mean margarita, or plays the perfect music. 
Finding that special bar, on the other hand, can be a real pain in the ass. 
That's why NightOwl is launching in NYC. 
The app works almost exactly like Foursquare, but with an exclusive focus on nightlife, including bars and clubs and non-food nightly gatherings. 
As soon as you sign up NightOwl will ask you to list a few of your favorite spots. 
Based on what you said, NightOwl use your location to make a few suggestions about what's cool nearby. 
As you visit more bars, you can record your favorite spots by adding a tag for the bar. 
You might tag it with outdoor space or cocktails or great music. 
If the tag already exists at that bar, you can simply tap on it to make it your own. 
By adding tags, you're creating your own personalized lists for various bars. 
And of course, each tag is totally searchable. 
The big difference, however, is that NightOwl has various levels of privacy on each tag. 
You can share it publicly, privately with friends, or anonymously. 
The idea here is that in the nightlife scene, there are certain things you might want to be discreet about. 
NightOwl gives you the privacy you might want over everything you save in the app, simply using the tags to inform others and only revealing your association with them if you want. 
Ready for another GIF keyboard for iOS 8? 
Blippy has returned today with a new app that lets you create, save and discover new GIFs to use when messaging with your friends on your iPhone. 
The app serves to replace the earlier, also GIF-focused, Blippy iOS app, that was pulled from the App Store back in September. 
Those with long Internet memories may remember the name Blippy as being associated with that startup that tried and failed to socialize consumer shopping data. 
But in 2013, a different group of entrepreneurs launched a new Blippy after acquiring the Blippy domain from its prior owners. 
That app, which also made it possible to find and make animated GIFs, eventually grew to over 10,000 users. 
However, it arrived at a time before iOS 8, meaning it was a standalone experience. 
Ultimately, that may have limited its growth. 
In September 2014, the company pulled Blippy from the App Store in anticipation of creating a new experience for iOS 8, which was then just arriving. 
We had been working on a simplification of the core experience in preparation for a relaunch because we were really excited about our ability to deliver the experience we always wanted with the custom keyboards of iOS 8, explains co-founder David King, a serial entrepreneur who sold his social gaming company Green Patch to Playdom which sold to Disney prior to starting the new Blippy. 
The new Blippy app, out today on the iTunes App Store, offers a simple interface for finding, saving and using GIFs. 
Users can upload any GIF from their Camera Roll into the app or search the internet to find GIFs they like. 
That latter option is notable since some of the GIF keyboard competitors have more limited libraries to select from. 
In addition, Blippy's particular focus is on allowing its users to build their own custom keyboard using their collected GIFs. 
Instead of always searching for new GIFs every time you want to jazz up your iMessage conversations, Blippy lets you save your favorites for easy access. 
As you browse through search results, swiping right lets you add the GIF to your collection for later use. 
The app is now one of many new GIF-focused iOS 8 keyboards available, including Riffsy, Kanvas, PopKey, and others. 
Frankly, I'm having a hard time choosing my favorite. 
I find they each have their strengths. 
But I'm loading up Blippy today to give it a spin, too. 
What good is a job search site or app when you're not looking for a job? 
That's the issue TheLadders is tackling with the launch of a new version of its iOS app and a new feature that it calls the Job Market Guide. 
CEO Alex Douzet told me that these are the first steps in a new direction for the company, which was founded in 2003. 
TheLadders was initially aimed at people looking for jobs that paid more than $ 100,000, before expanding its focus to a broader range of careers and salaries in recent years. 
At this point, Douzet argued that the job search problem has been mostly solved, not just by TheLadders but by other sites like LinkedIn and Indeed. 
However, he said there's still an opportunity to expand, because professionals usually only change jobs every three to four years. 
A site like TheLadders is not really doing much for them in between -- something he's hoping to change with these products, and with other ideas in the pipeline. 
Let's start with the updated app, which is launching today. 
Douzet pointed out that even if you're not looking for a job, there's a good chance you're working on a team that needs to find good people fill open positions, or you may be able to help out a friend who's trying to do the same. 
And while online job referrals aren't a new idea, the app that Douzet and his team showed me yesterday offers a casual, convenient way to make those recommendations. 
When you post a job opening in the app, you just enter a few basic details -- your company, the title, the location, and a description, which can't go longer than 200 words. 
The listing then shows up in the newsfeeds of your connections in the app, and those connections can recommend people in their network. 
If both the poster and the person being referred like the recommendation, then they can start chatting with each other in the app. 
You can also recommend people who aren't already members of TheLadders, who are then asked to download the app. 
The fact that TheLadders built this specifically for mobile could also be key. 
I'm no great connector, but even I can think of times when I was at an after-work event, or having dinner with a friend, and a job opening came up. 
I'd think, Oh man, I know someone who'd be perfect for this -- then I'd have to make a note to myself to follow-up once I was at a computer again, which sometimes happened, and sometimes didn't. 
By focusing on mobile, TheLadders allows you to take action right away in those situations. 
The company will also continue to offer the existing job search features in the app, which launched last year. 
Douzet said added that the majority of TheLadders' mobile usage is on iOS, so that's where the focus is right now, but he acknowledged, When we see the usage really, taking off, we will have to address Android by introducing the new referral features to the existing Android app. 
The Job Market Guide, meanwhile, is supposed to launch in full next week, but the company is releasing a more limited, sneak preview version today. 
The idea is to aggregate all the data from TheLadders' 7 million-plus registered users and give people access to up-to-date information about their chosen professions. 
For example, I looked up the data for writers in New York City, bringing up a page that includes the average salary, the current level of competitiveness, and a list of the best cities for that career which is determined by a combination of salary, competitiveness, and cost-of-living. 
You can also see the kinds of skills needed for jobs in that profession and set up email alerts for changes and listings. 
Douzet said TheLadders' guide is unique because the data reflects what users are saying now, not what was reported in a study months or years ago, and it's attuned to local differences -- not just in salaries but also in the skills that employers are looking for, which can vary from city to city. 
He also argued that users on TheLadders have an incentive to be honest about their salaries, because that helps them to find relevant jobs: If they lie about their current compensation, they find out very quickly that it's not going to be useful for them. 
Asked if the data is skewed towards those high-income jobs that TheLadders started with, Douzet said the ratio between jobs paying less than versus more than $ 100,000 a year is now two-to-one. 
That may not be a perfect representation of the American workforce, but the company says the size and breadth of its user base is enough to make the data meaningful. 
As far as longer term career planning, Douzet said TheLadders doesn't try to tell you what kind of job you might have a decade from now, because careers don't always follow an obvious, linear path: There's no product you can build that can predict in 5, 10 years where they should go. 
However, the job profiles link to profiles for related jobs, so if you're writer looking to become an editor, you can get a sense of how much additional experiences and what new skills you need. 
You can download the new app here and see a preview of the Job Market Guide here. 
Oh, and you don't need to be a member of TheLadders to browse the guide. 
Leather is beautiful and luxurious and natural and one of the great materials of the world. 
However, it's absolutely gross to make. 
Here's the process of tanning raw hide into high quality leather. 
You 'll see gray goops, a lot of residue, dumps of bizarre liquids and more. 
Worth it? 
I guess. 
Here are some of the grosser segments which in turn, are my favorite segments. 
A lot of is turned into dog food. 
That access to consumer data is one of the big selling points behind Gumroad, a startup that allows creators to sell directly to fans. 
The Gumroad folks were actually the ones who put me in touch with Leslie to discuss a Gumroad-powered promotion that he launched today -- the sale of 10 limited edition scarves, costing $ 400 each. 
Those scarves doubled as VIP tickets to Leslie's upcoming New Year's Eve concert in Vienna, Austria, where he said he 'll be performing his new album MZRT for the first time. 
And they sold out in less than an hour -- it may have helped that Gumroad was one of the launch partners for Twitter's buy button, and fans could could buy the scarves directly from the tweet. 
Why scarves? 
Well, I asked Leslie and he talked about how they represent the journey that he's taken from growing up in a working class family to Harvard to a successful music career. 
complete with trips to Fashion Week. 
His fans, he said, may have big dreams, even if they may or may not be able to get that Fashion Week invitation, and those scarves suggest they might be able to fulfill those dreams. 
It probably seems a little less random when you recall that Leslie also offers apparel through his #Renegades fan club. 
Selling 10 $ 400 scarves is cool, but it's only part of Leslie's broader strategy, one that he said has brought him $ 400,000 in direct-to-consumer sales, plus $ 1.6 million in touring revenue since he went independent. 
So the truism about musicians making most of their money from touring is holding true in this case ... 
Leslie's isn't just applying this strategy to his own career. 
He also launched a startup earlier this year called Disruptive Multimedia -- it aims to help artists connect with their fans directly. 
The classic number there is 1,000 true fans, a term coined by Kevin Kelly. 
In our conversation, Leslie was more likely to refer to 10,000 or 20,000 people, though he also mentioned a Disruptive Media clients who were able to turn virtually all of their fans, even if they were only 150 of them, into paying customers. 
Leslie also suggested one benefit that I hadn't thought of when it comes to depending on a relatively small group of fans -- it frees you up to experiment, because even if you alienate your existing fans, finding another 1,000 or even 10,000 or 20,000 is a lot less daunting than trying to maintain a massively huge fanbase. 
In Leslie's case, he said it allowed him to move away from the R&B that he'd focused on while with a major label to create a fairly progressive rap album. 
Youbetme says it launched the app in January. 
The company bills itself as a way to bet on anything, at any time, either through its iOS app or it's website. 
To be clear, it doesn't support real-money betting, but rather tracking friendly bets with friends. 
You could probably put money on those bets, just not through the app itself ... There's also an Android app in beta testing. 
Investors in the round included SierraMaya360, DVG, and Abingdon Capital. 
Angel investor Brad Stroh is joining the Youbetme board of directors. 
The company has already built a library of 115,000 video clips, backgrounds, and effects, which it either created itself or licensed from others. 
Customers can use any of the content in that library for a subscription fee of $ 79 a month or $ 99 a year. 
According to founder and CEO Joel Holland, that averages out to less than $ 1 per clip for most customers. 
Holland described the VideoBlocks library a very high quality archive of content that's not super deep. 
As a result, customers would often start their search for stock footage at VideoBlocks after all, they'd already paid the subscription fee, so there was no extra cost, but they'd have to often have to go elsewhere to fill in the gaps. 
That's where the new marketplace comes in. 
It's not yet open to VideoBlocks customers, but the company is beginning its outreach to potential contributors. 
The goal, Holland said, is to offer the same footage that you'd find on a site like Shutterstock, but at a 40 percent discount, and with 100 percent of the money going to the contributor. 
Shutterstock pays a 30 percent royalty for every clip purchased. 
You 've heard this saying, ` Content is king, ''' Holland said. 
If that's true, content creators should be treated like royalty. 
So how does VideoBlocks make money from this? 
Well, you need an account to access the marketplace. 
And after a brief trial period, that means paying for a subscription. 
Food all goes down the same but there's so much beauty in food and each ingredient that chefs like Niki Nakayam of Los Angeles Japanese Kaiseki restaurant n/naka turn the idea of putting plate of food into an art form. 
You're no longer eating protein and vegetables, but edible art on a plate. 
It's the meticulous detail in the plating along with the deliciousness of the food, of course that allows us to understand how much she respects her craft. 
Listen to her talk about what Kaiseki means in Japanese and how she executes it at her amazing restaurant. 
When journalist Alec MacGillis started looking into McConnell's early politics, he says he was startled by how moderate the Republican used to be. 
The book traces McConnell's shift to the right. 
Black youth saw more than twice as many ads for sugary drinks on TV compared with white children and teens in 2013. 
Advertising for the drinks on Spanish-language TV also increased by 44 percent. 
After a successful 2014 election season, the nation's GOP governors gathered to talk about policy issues and bask in their victories. 
But President Obama's immigration plans dominated the discussion. 
Moderate Drinker Or Alcoholic? 
Many Americans Fall In Between 
A study from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention finds that 1 in 3 adults drinks excessively. 
That means eight or more drinks per week for women, and 15 or more drinks a week for men. 
Diabetes costs the United States $ 322 billion a year, or $ 1,000 for each American. 
That's 48 percent more than it was just five years ago. 
The website PrivacyGrade rates Android apps based on the personal information they collect from you. 
It's another reminder that your data are constantly on the move, whether you know it or not. 
The CIA plan calls for deleting the email of almost all employees after they leave the agency. 
But opponents say this would erase too many important documents. 
The example they cite: Edward Snowden. 
The Whole World Is Fat! 
And That Ends Up Costing $ 2 Trillion A Year 
Nearly a third of us are overweight, and some of the worst rates of obesity are in the developing world. 
All this corpulence takes a huge economic toll. 
President Obama is preparing to take executive action on immigration. 
But some people are calling it an executive order. 
There's a big difference between the two terms. 
The administration said some people who had dental plans separate from their health care coverage were mistakenly counted twice. 
The GOP says it was a deliberate attempt to inflate the numbers. 
Mike Nichols was an ultimate Hollywood insider who won every major show business award directing for stage, film and TV. 
But his life in America began as an outsider immigrant from Germany. 
Cattle theft has been making a major comeback. 
A drought in the West has meant higher beef prices, making cattle an attractive target for thieves. 
The city of Montgomery, Ala., was sued by a group of people who said they were jailed when they couldn't pay court fines and fees. 
Now the city has agreed to take steps to help those too poor to pay. 
Converting the shells into biogas could provide most of the heat for a planned city of 200,000, engineers say. 
There's precedent in Australia, where macadamia nut shells are generating power. 
Wal-Mart, come to your senses! 
the protesters shouted. 
These vendors and hawkers are not happy that the retail giant plans to open 50 more stores. 
The president's action, to be announced later today, will grant temporary relief to some immigrants living in the U.S. illegally. 
Republicans could strip away funds that would go toward Obama's plan. 
Nearly three-quarters of Americans say their doctors use electronic records. 
The overwhelming majority of people aren't particularly concerned about the privacy of the information, an NPR poll finds. 
During sleep, the brain locks in existing memories and can even form new ones. 
Scientists say they are starting to understand how that happens. 
A midnight snack may interfere. 
Hiroshi Shimizu's remarks came in testimony to a Senate panel. 
U.S. regulators want the company to issue a nationwide vehicle recall. 
So far, the recall has been restricted to high-humidity areas. 
Moderate Drinker Or Alcoholic? 
Many Americans Fall In Between 
When Sen. Mitch McConnell R-Ky. 
first entered politics in the 1960s, he started out as moderate -- pro-abortion rights, pro-union, in support of the civil rights movement. 
With time, McConnell shifted to the right as the Republican Party shifted. 
I was just really startled by this when I started looking into it, Alec MacGillis tells Fresh Air's Terry Gross. 
I knew that he had started out as somewhat more moderate -- but I didn't realize just how moderate he really was. 
There was no question what had happened -- that McConnell had won basically on the coattails of Ronald Reagan, MacGillis says. 
And McConnell looked at that very, very close result and basically thought to himself, ` You know what? 
I don't want it to ever be this close again. 
I see where the Republican Party is heading ; I see where my state is heading ; I see where the South is heading politically -- and I need to get on that train.' 
There was a big battle back in the Republican Party in the '60s between the conservative wing and a still quite strong moderate wing. 
This is, of course, during the time of Barry Goldwater's 1964 nomination to the party coming from the conservative wing. 
But there was still a very, very strong moderate contingent of the party and Mitch McConnell was completely on that side of the line. 
He was very firmly pro-union. 
In his first election back in 1977 in Louisville, he got the endorsement of the AFL-CIO because he backed collective bargaining for public employees, which is something even a lot of Democrats today don't support. 
He sought out the head of the AFL-CIO at the bowling alley in Louisville and sweet-talked him and got his support. 
He was very firmly in support of the civil rights movement, which back in Kentucky was not necessarily the obvious thing to do. 
He, as a student, would show up at civil rights rallies and was very much in favor of the legislation in Washington in the '60s. 
McConnell really embodies that shift because he himself has evolved with that transformation just to a tee. 
But at the same time ... he embodies for me the mindset that has become more and more dominant in Washington today ... which is the permanent campaign mindset. 
It's the mindset that all that really matters is the next election, the next cycle. 
It's not so much what you do when you're in power in Washington ; it's what you do to position yourself for the next time around, your next re-election, your party's next election cycle. 
That mindset has become very prevalent. 
It's bipartisan and it also suffuses the media -- but McConnell embodies it really more than anybody else. 
He is a master of Senate procedure. 
That's one of his real strengths. 
... He just has studied it very, very closely. 
-LSB- He's -RSB- studied how it works ... and figured out how you could use ... -LSB- the rules -RSB- within this sort of very vague culture-based and nebulous realm of the Senate where these rules are not necessarily written down anywhere -- some of them are, but others are just things that have carried over in tradition and culture of the institution. 
He's figured out how you can use these procedures -- and also the customs that have built up over time to really slow things down and gum up the works in ways that hadn't been done before. 
It's something he campaigned for more aggressively than just about anyone before him. 
His colleagues in the Senate were struck to see just how determined and eager he was to climb the ladder. 
And what he would do is he would start quite early, several years before the elections for these various leadership posts, he would start strategizing in how to win those elections. 
He had a wingman, his colleague -LSB- former Sen. -RSB- Bob Bennett from Utah ... -LSB- who -RSB- would go out a year or two in advance and start trying to count up votes and feel people out on whether they would support Mitch or someone else. 
... 
Again, McConnell was not the most naturally popular or beloved person within his caucus, so he really needed help from someone else to kind of go out and line up those votes for him. 
They would badmouth the opposition and various rivals for various jobs ... really, in a junior high school kind of way -- trying to line up support so that when the time came for the elections for the various leadership posts high up the ladder, it suddenly would become clear that McConnell had, in fact, lined up just enough support to get the job. 
It's been well over 3 years since the Nintendo 3DS hit the shelves -- and in that time, the device has proven itself remarkably resistant to hacking and modification. 
Until now. 
A week ago, the easiest place to find Cubic Ninja was in your local game shop's bargain bin. 
After hackers disclosed the name of the game involved with the hack, however, prices skyrocketed. 
Whereas a used copy may have cost you under a buck on Amazon a week ago, copies are now going for $ 40-70. 
It's no sealed-in-box copy of Chrono Trigger or, better yet, Gamma Attack, but that's some pretty insane overnight inflation. 
Still wondering what exactly homebrew is? 
Think of it sort of like jailbreaking an iPhone. 
Nintendo likes to keep a pretty tight hold on what can run on their console -- this opens the door to things they probably wouldn't approve of. 
Things like emulators, one-off indie games, etc.. 
What it doesn't allow for or at least, isn't meant for is piracy. 
These homebrew hacks are often custom tailored to not run bootleg copies of retail games -- though, more often than not, the pirates find a way. 
The video above demonstrates the exploit in action -- but if you're more interested in getting it up and running yourself on your 3DS, you can find the details here. 
Be warned: as is par for the course with things like this, you're moving forward at your own risk. 
At the very least, you're almost certainly voiding any warranty on your device. 
To honor the 25th anniversary of the Wall's demise and the artist's 69th birthday this year, Sanborn has decided to reveal a new clue to help solve his iconic and enigmatic artwork. 
It's only the second hint he's released since the sculpture was unveiled in 1990 and may finally help unlock the fourth and final section of the encrypted sculpture, which frustrated sleuths have been struggling to crack for more than two decades. 
The 12-foot-high, verdigrised copper, granite and wood sculpture on the grounds of the CIA complex in Langley, Virginia, contains four encrypted messages carved out of the metal, three of which were solved years ago. 
The fourth is composed of just 97 letters, but its brevity belies its strength. 
Even the NSA, whose master crackers were the first to decipher other parts of the work, gave up on cracking it long ago. 
So four years ago, concerned that he might not live to see the mystery of Kryptos resolved, Sanborn released a clue to help things along, revealing that six of the last 97 letters when decrypted spell the word Berlin -- a revelation that many took to be a reference to the Berlin Wall. 
To that clue today, he's adding the next word in the sequence -- clock -- that may or may not throw a wrench in this theory. 
Now the Kryptos sleuths just have to unscramble the remaining 86 characters to find out. 
Sanborn told WIRED that he's always been fascinated by Berlin's many clocks but the Berlin Clock in particular has intrigued him the most. 
The clock, also known as the Berlin Uhr or Set Theory Clock, was designed in the 1970s by inventor and tinkerer Dieter Binninger. 
It displays the time through illuminated colored blocks rather than numbers and requires the viewer to calculate the time based on a complex scheme. 
A yellow lamp at the top of the clock blinks every two seconds while a row of red lamps beneath it represent five hours. 
Red lights on a second row denote one hour each, and time is calculated based on the number of lights illuminated. 
So if in the first line 2 lamps are lit and in the second line 3 lamps, it's 5 +5 +3 = 13h or 1 p.m., notes one description of the timepiece. 
Most people have no idea who Dieter is and all of the other people who make strange clocks in Berlin, Sanborn says. 
There's a very interesting back story to -LSB- the Berlin Clock -RSB-. 
Clock could easily refer instead to a method devised by a Polish mathematician and cryptologist during World War II to crack Germany's Enigma ciphers -- a method that was expanded on by Alan Turing and his team at Bletchley Park who are credited with ultimately cracking Enigma. 
It may be no coincidence that Sanborn has decided to release his new clue at the same time as The Imitation Game, a film about Turing's work on Enigma, is opening in US theaters on Nov. 28. 
The artwork features a large block of petrified wood standing upright, with a tall copper plate scrolling out from the wood like a sheet of paper. 
At the sculpture's base is a round pool with a fountain pump that sends water moving in a circular direction around the pool. 
Carved out of the copper plate are approximately 1,800 letters, some of them forming a cryptographic table based on a method developed by a 16th-century Frenchman named Blaise de Vigenere. 
In 1995 a small group of cryptanalysts inside the NSA quietly deciphered the first three sections of the sculpture, though no one outside the agency and the CIA's top brass knew about it. 
In 1998, CIA analyst David Stein cracked the same three messages using paper and pencil and about 400 lunch-time hours. 
Only his CIA colleagues knew of his success, however, because the agency didn't publicize it. 
A year later, California computer scientist Jim Gillogly gained public notoriety when he cracked the same three messages using a Pentium II. 
It was totally invisible. 
How's that possible? 
They used the earth's magnetic field. 
x The information was gathered and transmitted undergruund to an unknown location. 
x Does Langley know about this? 
They should: it's buried out there somewhere. 
x Who knows the exact location? 
Only WW. 
This was his last message. 
x Thirty eight degrees fifty seven minutes six point five seconds north, seventy seven degrees eight minutes forty four seconds west. 
x Layer two. 
WW, Sanborn told WIRED in 2005, refers to William Webster, director of the CIA at the time of the sculpture's completion. 
Sanborn was forced to provide Webster with the solution to the puzzle to reassure the CIA that it wasn't something that would embarrass the agency. 
Slowly, desparatly slowly, the remains of passage debris that encumbered the lower part of the doorway was removed. 
With trembling hands I made a tiny breach in the upper left-hand corner. 
And then, widening the hole a little, I inserted the candle and peered in. 
The hot air escaping from the chamber caused the flame to flicker, but presently details of the room within emerged from the mist. 
x Can you see anything? 
q 
Sanborn has said that the first three sections contain clues to solving the final 97 letters but no one has figured out what those might be. 
After no progress cracking the last section, Sanborn released the Berlin clue four years ago, considering it a significant clue. 
I'm throwing it out there. 
It just makes that many fewer characters people have to figure out, he told WIRED at the time. 
Code detectives worked to crack the puzzle following the Berlin revelation. 
Members of a popular Kryptos Yahoo Group led by Elonka Dunin, the foremost expert on Kryptos, tried for months to resolve it but to no avail. 
Who knows if the new clue will prove to be any more helpful. 
And even if it is and sleuths decipher the final code, there's an additional message they will still need to resolve. 
Once decrypted, the fourth section reveals a riddle, which Sanborn has said requires sleuths to be on the CIA grounds to solve. 
In part of the code that's been deciphered, I refer to an act that took place when I was at the agency and a location that's on the ground of the agency, Sanborn said during a 2005 interview with WIRED. 
So in order to find that place, you have to decipher the piece and then go to the agency and find that place. 
Dunin has suggested that the coordinates may refer to the location of a Berlin Wall monument on the CIA grounds. 
Three slabs from the Berlin Wall sit at the spy agency's headquarters, a gift from the German government. 
Sanborn has also told WIRED that the collapse of the wall was big news at the time he was casting about for things he wanted to include in his sculpture. 
However, the wall monument wasn't dedicated at the CIA until 1992, two years after Kryptos was unveiled. 
Although the coordinates of the monument's location -- 38 57 2.5 N, 77 8 40 W -- differ from the coordinates mentioned in Kryptos by four seconds in both the latitude and longitude, Dunin has speculated that the CIA may have originally planned to position the monument at the coordinates Sanborn mentions on Kryptos but then later chose a different location. 
Alternatively, Sanborn may have been using an incorrect U.S. geological map when he created his sculpture and thus got the coordinates wrong, she notes. 
After all, Sanborn has other errors in his sculpture, both intentional and unintentional. 
Kryptos includes intentional spelling errors and misaligned characters set higher on a line of text than characters around them. 
But in 2006, Sanborn realized he had also made an inadvertent error, a missing x that he mistakenly deleted from the end of a line in section two, a section that was already solved. 
He discovered the omission while doing a letter-by-letter comparison of the plaintext and coded text in preparation for a book about his work. 
The x was supposed to signify a period or section-break at the end of a phrase. 
Sanborn removed it for aesthetic reasons, thinking it wouldn't affect the way the puzzle was deciphered, but in fact it did. 
What sleuths had until then deciphered to say ID by rows was actually supposed to say layer two. 
The correction hasn't helped anyone solve the rest of the puzzle, however, in the subsequent years. 
Now this second clue, Sanborn hopes, will reinvigorate efforts to crack the mystery, though he has mixed views on whether he wants the journey to end. 
The artist has said he'd like to see Kryptos solved in his lifetime, but he also enjoys that some of the smartest minds in cryptography -- including those at the CIA and NSA -- continue to be baffled by his work. 
Only two other people, aside from Sanborn, were initially said to know the solution to Kryptos: one was the retired chairman of the CIA's Cryptographic Center Ed Scheidt, who helped Sanborn choose and alter the coding techniques for the sculpture. 
The other was William Webster, the CIA director who received a sealed envelope containing the solution at the sculpture's dedication. 
However, in 2005 Sanborn revealed to WIRED that Scheidt and Webster only thought they knew the solution. 
In fact, he had deceived them. 
In November 1989, after the East German government announced that its citizens were free from then on to cross over the Wall into West Berlin and West Germany, crowds of euphoric Germans began chipping away at the cement barrier. 
With this new clue provided by Sanford, let the chipping away on Kryptos begin. 
I won't be able to post many or any posts on Beyond Apollo in the next few weeks because of holiday and work travel. 
I 'll be hauling along research material when I travel I always do, but I doubt that I 'll have time to do much more than take notes. 
The good news is that I 'll be visiting Washington, DC, for the first time in several years, and I 've built a personal day into my meeting schedule to do some archival research. 
I hope to be able to photocopy or scan some new documents to write about in the Smithsonian archives at the Udvar-Hazy facility, which I have not visited before. 
My meetings are at the Smithsonian on the National Mall, and I look forward to breaking away, if possible, to have a look at the National Air and Space Museum. 
I last visited in 2000, so I expect that it has changed a great deal since then. 
As always, I thank you for reading Beyond Apollo. 
I appreciate your comments and suggestions. 
To conclude this post, I want to let any night-sky fans out there know about a disturbing development in Flagstaff, Arizona. 
Located 7000 feet above sea level in ponderosa pine forests on the flank of an extinct volcano, this city of 60,000 people is home to Lowell Observatory, the U.S. Naval Observatory, the U.S. Geological Survey's Astrogeology Science Center, Northern Arizona University's recently upgraded observatory, and other educational and science institutions. 
Most of these institutions have a global reach -- actually, an interplanetary reach, because scientists based at many of them are involved in missions to Pluto, Saturn, Ceres, and other places. 
For its innovative dark-skies policies, Flagstaff was designated world's first International Dark-Sky City in 2001. 
Nevertheless, dark-sky advocates -- only a few of whom work for the observatories, it turns out -- continue to fight off challenges to Flagstaff's dark-skies zoning rules. 
Occasionally the city government is seduced by the light side ; usually, as is now the case, when big-money development is promised. 
Often this happens when members of the city council fail to understand the contribution the science institutions in Flagstaff make to the community. 
They pump millions of dollars into this small city on an on-going basis, and have done so at least since the U.S. Naval Observatory came to town in the 1950s. 
In addition, Flagstaff's science institutions support local science and technology education. 
One example is Flagstaff's annual two-week Festival of Science, which takes place every September, but support for schools, teachers, and students continues throughout the year. 
I wrote about Flagstaff's long and successful battle to keep its skies dark. 
You can find my article here, on the website of the Flagstaff Dark Skies Coalition. 
The latest challenge to Flagstaff's dark skies is well described here. 
It is an apartment complex on the road leading to the U.S. Naval Observatory. 
A vote will be held December 2. 
A defeat for dark skies in Flagstaff will send a negative message to other towns and cities near observatories all around the world. 
If you wish to tell the Flagstaff city government that the world is watching what it does next, you can do so by sending email to the addresses below: 
The legislation, proposed by Utah lawmaker Marc Roberts, is due to go to the floor of the Utah House of Representatives early next year, but it was debated in a Public Utilities and Technology Interim Committee meeting on Wednesday. 
The bill, H.B. 161, directs municipalities like Bluffdale to refuse support to any federal agency which collects electronic data within this state. 
The NSA brought its Bluffdale data center online about a year ago, taking advantage Utah's cheap power and a cut-rate deal for millions of gallons of local water, used to cool the 1-million-square-foot building's servers. 
Roberts' bill, however, would prohibit the NSA from negotiating new water deals when its current Bluffdale agreement runs out in 2021. 
The law seems like a long-shot to clear legislative hurdles when Utah's legislature re-convenes next year, but Wednesday's committee hearing was remarkable, nonetheless, says Nate Carlisle, a reporter with the Salt Lake Tribune who has waged a fight with the NSA and Bluffdale officials to determine how much water the data center is actually using. 
What's noteworthy is no one on the panel said: ` Hey, wait a minute, we can't do this,' he says. 
They had some specific concerns about the language of the bill, but there was no outright opposition. 
Instead, they simply listened to testimony on the NSA and Bluffdale's support of the center. 
I just don't want to subsidize what they're doing on the back of our citizens, Carlisle quotes Republican Representative Roger Barrus as saying during the meeting. 
Utah has a long history of disputes with the federal government, but this is the first time Carlisle remembers anyone proposing to cut off water to a federal agency. 
I think it's representative of an attitude change in Utah that the bill is even being discussed, he says. 
The web is funded by ads. 
But so many people hate seeing them, and they often resent all the data tracking that props them up. 
It's a clash that has become a major pain point for news websites and other publishers. 
The rise of ad blockers, which let people surf the web without these annoying ads, is also blocking their revenue. 
Launched on Thursday, the service is called Google Contributor, and it asks you to pay $ 1, $ 2, or $ 3 a month to back the websites you particularly like. 
In exchange for your support, you 'll see thank you messages where ads used to be -- at least on the websites that participate in the program. 
At the moment, Google is testing the idea with ten online publishers, including The Onion, ScienceDaily, Urban Dictionary, and Mashable. 
The thank-you notes are served up through Google's existing advertising channels, and Google still takes a cut of each contribution. 
According to Google, the $ 1 to $ 3 users pay essentially covers the cost of that ad space. 
But all of this is subject to change, she says, as the platform develops. 
At this point, what we 've rolled out is very much an experiment, a Google spokesperson tells us. 
We're getting the publishers on board today. 
We 'll see not just how it works but also the public interest level. 
This type of thinking makes sense. 
If people are going to gripe constantly about ads and having their personal data sold to advertisers, why not ask them to put a nominal amount of money where their mouths are? 
Google Contributor tries to appeal to readers' sense of ethics, urging them to believe that the content they enjoy is well worth spending $ 1 a month. 
But this approach may be too little, far too late. 
People are already used to getting content online for free. 
As much as they hate ads and ad tracking, they hate paying for free stuff even more. 
It's not unlike what happened to the music industry back in the early 2000s. 
Once people realized they could download music for free, the industry had to take legal action against companies like Napster in order to convince listeners to start paying again. 
Now, easy and instant transactions through platforms like iTunes make the whole paying-for-music thing a little more palatable. 
What's more, fans are even beginning to come down on the side of artists, when they feel music platforms are robbing them of their fair share. 
The Spotify-Taylor Swift fallout is only the most recent example. 
The publishing industry is now finding itself at a similar crossroads, trying to convince the world that the articles and videos they're consuming are actually worth something. 
But appealing to people's ethical duty isn't a surefire way of winning over the masses. 
That's one reason why publishers like The New York Times, which has had moderate success with paywalls, have to charge a lot more than $ 1 a month for digital subscriptions. 
They count on the fact that some readers will do the cost-benefit analysis and decide that access to the Times isn't worth the money, and that's for one of the most highly respected publications on the web. 
Now imagine the challenge a publication like ScienceDaily would face if it started charging. 
And while Google's partner websites won't track contributors' behavior, that doesn't change the fact that every other website will. 
It's that widespread culture of data collection that will be the toughest to overcome .1 
Still, for all its potential drawbacks, Contributor could solve a lot of problems on the web today. 
It could save publishers who are struggling to stay afloat as ad dollars dwindle, while also giving consumers what they say they want. 
Now, we 'll have to see just how much they want it. 
1. 
Update: After publishing, Google amended its statement to WIRED on how user behavior will be tracked through Google Contributor. 
The story has been updated to clarify. 
Last year, a man named Carlin Dunne raced an electric motorcycle in the Pikes Peak International Hillclimb. 
He reached the summit in a blistering 10 minutes flat, handily beating his closest competitor through the mountain's 156 curves by 21 seconds. 
That kind of time is impressive for a gasoline-powered superbike. 
It is downright amazing for an electric motorcycle. 
There is now a street legal version of that beast, the LS-218 from Lightning Motorcycles. 
It was designed by two people whose names are synonymous with batshit insane electric motorcycles. 
It is not cheap, coming in at $ 38,800. 
But then, things like this rarely are. 
The LS-218's defining distinction is its utterly absurd top speed. 
It hit 218 mph at Bonneville, and yes, that was a one-time thing under tightly controlled circumstances, but it still hit it. 
It's also got the official electric motorcycle record of 215.96 mph. 
To put that number in perspective, the McLaren 650C tops out at 207, and the current king of street-legal, mass-produced two wheelers, the Kawasaki ZZR1400, ekes out a relatively paltry 186 mph. 
Of course, that kind of speed is only useful in a straight line. 
And a bike like this is all. 
About. 
The curves. 
If Dunne's sprint up Pike's Peak -- 156 turns over 12.42 miles -- is any indication, the LS-218 can stand tall alongside the best internal combustion machines. 
Back in 2011, the fastest electric two-wheeler to complete Pikes Peak finished a full 1:39 behind the first place finisher, a Ducati Multistrada ridden by none other than Carlin Dunne. 
Two years later he was back on a Lightning, and he proceeded to dust every motorcycle in the field. 
Yes, a lot of that can be attributed to the skill of the rider. 
But the LS-218 appears to have the kit, too: RaceTech fork, Ohlins shock, Brembo brakes, Marchesini wheels. 
Lightning claims the oil-cooled motor produces 168 pound-feet of torque and the equivalent of 200 horsepower, in a bike with a claimed weight of 495 pounds. 
The torque is nuts for a superbike, but the horsepower figures are par for the course at the top tier of performance motorcycles. 
Lightning, like Mission Motorcycles and Zero Motorcycles, is based in California. 
It's been playing with electricity since 2006 and, like Energica, started with racing. 
Antecedents to the LS-218 competed in events like the 2012 TTXGP/e-Power race at Laguna Seca and, of course, Pikes Peak. 
Now it's wading into the consumer market. 
The chief architects are longtime electric motorcycle innovators Eva Hakansson and Chip Yates who's also got a thing for electric aviation. 
Lightning, which is taking orders, just delivered its first bike to Troy Helming, a clean-energy executive who reserved one about a year ago. 
This being an electric motorcycle, the two biggest questions, after price, are how far it 'll go and how long it 'll take to charge. 
Lightning claims the standard 12 kW/hour lithium-ion pack is good for 100 miles at highway speeds, but based on our experience with electric motorcycles, you can expect 60 to 80 in real-world riding and maybe 40 if you're attacking the back roads. 
Lightning offers optional packs of 15 and 20 kW/hr, which bumps claimed range to as much as 150 and 180 miles, respectively. 
When the battery's dead, you're looking at two hours plugged into a Level 2 charger, which uses 220 volts like your dryer. 
The question remains as to how viable a machine like this is. 
You can buy a garage full of top-shelf motorcycles for 38 large, and your buddies will leave you in the dust after 40 miles of spirited back-road riding. 
But companies like Lightning and Tesla are showing that electric vehicles need not be boring. 
Here's hoping that Lightning, like Tesla, continues honing the technology's leading edge, and apply it to more mainstream machines. 
These days, you can hardly have a technology conversation without talking about the Internet of Things IoT. 
And when that conversation shifts its focus to the industrial sector, including energy, Oil & Gas, Power & Utilities, and petrochemicals, among others, the discussion changes to what is being called the Industrial Internet of Things IIoT. 
So what is all this hype about? 
The convergence of cheap processing, unending storage, massive bandwidth, near-ubiquitous connectivity, and cloud-based applications is driving new capabilities for gathering information and changing the way we interact with machines and services. 
The data generated by sensors in this network of connected devices is being collected and analyzed, spawning the growth of big data analytics and applications. 
And the resulting analytics are being used to improve business efficiency, better serve customers and disrupt old business models. 
There will be nearly 26 billion connected devices by 2020, according to Gartner, which is an increase of 30 fold over 2009. 
Impressive, but what does it really mean to have all these devices connected to the internet? 
Is there any real value involved? 
Just because you can, does it mean that you should? 
We all remember the technology boom and bust of the late 1990s and early 2000s aka Dot-com Bubble that was fueled by an excessive amount of wishful thinking or irrational exuberance. 
But the IIoT can and will be different -- if we keep our collective eyes on the prize. 
Unlike consumer-based IoT that is trying to devise a way to make your world a better place by telling you when your washing machine needs service or letting you control all of your home's systems while you are away, the IIoT is working to make our collective world a better place by improving the monitoring, control and safety of everything around us. 
In short, reducing risk and improving the reliability of our massive industrial systems. 
No small task given the amount of data that will be generated by all of those devices running around the clock. 
Think about it: How good is your computer without a good operating system to make all those programs function properly, or your smartphone without a million apps to connect you and your friends or coworkers and the information you share? 
Large hardware vendors recognized long ago that it is the software that makes the hardware more valuable. 
Software supports the human interaction side of the equation by helping to turn data into information. 
But not just basic information, I am talking about critical, insightful, influential, and actionable information, without which we run the risk of potentially dangerous outcomes. 
This next-generation software should be cloud-based because, let's face it -- on-premises solutions require significantly more time, money and resources than you would like to afford while trying to remain competitive. 
Advanced software should easily connect the existing enterprise asset management EAM or computerized maintenance management system CMMS with the field-based industrial devices and equipment. 
It should provide early, rapid insight into the volumes of data and information that mere mortals are expected to evaluate to find business opportunities and make recommendations as part of a larger asset performance management strategy. 
But more importantly, software should make it easier for your organization to achieve its highest objective: operational excellence. 
Even in today's increasing connected environment, industrial organizations do little more than make use of a minimal set of vendor-supplied analytics related to machine-specific solutions -- automated instrument calibration, instant vibration analysis of pumps and compressors, or other equipment related algorithms. 
The analytical capabilities of affordable processing and storage capacity in new software solutions are just beginning to be tapped. 
One key to discussing the software needs of the IIoT is to include asset performance diagnostics. 
More specifically, to take advantage of all the useful information out there and the connectivity promised by equipment and software vendors, we need to discuss asset performance diagnostics ; the ability to quickly assess a plant's equipment/asset status or ` health'. 
This ability can be critical for merger and acquisition activity versus building new. 
This implies that we must be able to check across many equipment types, not just one or two manufacturer-specific reports, in order to understand where our metrics stand in relation to our industry peers. 
Additionally, with next-generation software, organizations will gain enhanced asset reliability and comparative analysis for operational goals. 
Operators can perform better and faster analysis on collected data to report to the C-Suite executives, who then have better context for defining strategic goals. 
Comparative analytics provide the ability to internally compare the status and performance of the equipment or assets to get your own house in order and really ignite your continuous improvement initiatives. 
Next-generation software must help organizations take it to the next level. 
To get there, you need to benchmark your operations against your peers and competitors. 
That capability will help you move to the pinnacle of continuous improvement, and closer to overall operational excellence. 
There is an enormous amount of data generated today and as new sensors are introduced in global industrial facilities, big data will become even bigger. 
Organizations still struggle with how to leverage that data operationally and strategically to better manage reliability strategy, operational risk and facility operations, which is why we need to insert software into our discussion of the IIoT. 
Google and Facebook don't just run your email and your social network. 
So often, they're a core part of your online identity. 
They help you log in to countless other services across the net. 
This is a handy thing. 
You don't have to remember as many usernames and passwords, but it's also dangerous. 
You're putting all your eggs in one basket. 
What if your Google account gets hacked or suspended? 
Not only would you lose your email address and potentially everything tied to it, but you'd lose access all those other internet services too. 
And then there are the privacy issues -- you can't control how the data these companies gather about you is used. 
A new group called Indie Hosters wants change this. 
They want to give you a web identity that you have complete control over -- and they want to make it just as easy as signing up for Facebook. 
The idea behind Indie Hosters is to create a network of web hosts that use a set of common standards, take care of geeky technical details of maintaining your identity, and, crucially, make it dead simple to move from one Indie Hosting provider to another with no hassle. 
Each host will be an independent business, and you, not the host, will own and control your identity. 
Through these hosts, you can not only log in to a wide range of other websites, but also published your own stuff to the web. 
So far, there are only two members of the network, the project's founders Michiel de Jong and Pierre Ozoux. 
But they hope more hosts will join them, and today, the team launched a crowdfunding campaign to work on building the tools and network to make that happen. 
Indie Hosters is part of what's called the indie web movement, a loose knit bunch of programmers, designers, and activists who think you should own your own web content and online identity. 
For the past few years, indie webbers have advocated that everyone register their own domain name and use it to create your own email address and universal login system. 
There are plenty of alternatives to Google and Facebook's universal login that you can run from your own website, such as Mozilla Persona and OpenID. 
The problem has always been that setting up a server to run all this stuff is too technical for the average user. 
Indie Hosters tries to solve this by setting all this up for you on a server managed by someone who understands all this technical stuff, but who won't lock you in. 
Most web hosts already offer some sort of one-click installer to help you setup popular tools like WordPress. 
But Indie Hosters is trying to take this a step further by automating absolutely everything you need to manage your identity online. 
Instead of confusing users by making core features optional, all accounts will come with both a your own top-level domain, custom email forwarding based on that domain, and a TLS certificate -- the same standard that banks and retailers use to protect your credit card transactions online. 
And web identity software such as OpenID and Mozilla Persona will soon work right out of the box. 
At the same time, Indie Hosters will let you publish and build your own stuff on the web. 
At the moment, it offers only two publishing tools to start: the popular blogging system WordPress and a new, social-media-aware tool called Known. 
But de Jong says Indie Hosters will offer far more applications in coming months, ranging from personal cloud storage systems like OwnCloud to the Bitcoin-style application development system Ethereum. 
Traditional hosting services don't usually add new apps to their one-click installer packages until they 've become popular. 
That creates a paradox for new applications looking to gain traction among the non-geek set. 
de Jong hopes Indie Hosters can give these new applications a better chance of succeeding. 
De Jong and Ozoux aren't the only ones trying to make running a personal web server easier. 
The creators of Indie Box and Freedom Box hope to sell you a physical server that you can run from home, so that you don't have to trust any cloud provider. 
Meanwhile, Sandstorm, managed by ex-Googler Kenton Varda, is aiming to create a brand new open source web hosting platform that makes it far easier to manage servers in the cloud. 
Indie Hosters is focused on helping you own your identity, while Sandstorm is more about getting applications up and running quickly. 
To sign-up for Sandstorm, you need to use either a Google Account or GitHub account. 
Varda says that will change eventually, but the two projects clearly have different priorities. 
While Sandstorm is trying to build a new platform that makes managing servers much easier, de Jong says that he and Ozoux are trying to avoid writing any new software at all. 
Instead, they're trying to use the best software already available and writing automation scripts to manage everything. 
Varda says that although Sandstorm has more apps available on its platform now, the Indie Hosters approach will probably enable them to add new apps more quickly than Sandstorm can, since most apps need to be tweaked to run on Sandstorm. 
In the long run Sandstorm will offer a more transformative change in the way we run servers, Varda says. 
But the beauty of open source is that Indie Hosters can use Sandstorm's tools to improve its own offering. 
Then everybody wins. 
Scientists make this season's flu vaccine based on the strains of the virus that circulated during the last flu season. 
It's a flawed approach, but it's the best they can do given that it takes months to make the vaccine, and there's no way -- at least not yet -- to predict how the virus might evolve in the interim. 
But a new computer modeling study suggests the human immune system has a better memory than scientists had thought for strains of the flu it's encountered in the past. 
In the future, the researchers say, it might be possible to exploit this to design better vaccines. 
Every year, the flu wreaks havoc around the world. 
It typically infects millions of people around the world every year and kills up to 500,000 in a typical year. 
National economies lose billions of dollars to medical care and missed workdays. 
The flu vaccine helps soften the blow, but vaccine makers are in an arms race with the virus. 
The Global Influenza Surveillance Network orchestrated by the World Health Organization continuously collects samples from ill people all over the globe and in February each year chooses which strains to put in the vaccine. 
Months later, around November, people start rolling up their sleeves to receive a vaccine based on those one or two strains. 
But sometimes the virus mutates during the lag time between spring and fall, which renders the vaccine less effective. 
Smith thinks we can improve the vaccine, even if we can't accurately predict the flu's evolution yet. 
His new study published in Science today offers a new way to look at our immune system's reaction to influenza. 
The team tracked 64 people in Vietnam for six years, analyzing their antibodies -- proteins made by the immune system to flag invading pathogens for destruction -- when they were infected with the flu. 
They then created 3-D antibody landscape maps of each person's immune response, says research assistant and co-author Sam Wilks. 
In the figure above, the colored dots represent different strains of flu, and the space between the dots reflect structural differences between those viruses. 
The 3-D landscape blue shows the individual's varied immune response to all the strains peaks indicate high immunity, valleys indicate low immunity. 
The landscapes revealed something remarkable: when influenza infects someone, it not only triggers an immune response for that particular strain, but for all the strains of that type of flu that have ever infected the person. 
This phenomenon, named ` back-boosting,' means that our old immunity gets boosted every time we're faced with a new flu virus. 
Typically, the back boost response was stronger for past strains that were closely related to the infecting strain. 
The researchers think we make antibodies for past strains because our immune system's memories of past viruses are activated more easily than they'd thought. 
The findings suggest that the flu vaccine provides much more protection than anyone thought against past versions of the flu that have infected a person. 
Someone infected with the flu last year will still make antibodies for that strain, regardless of what version of the vaccine they receive. 
It's essentially a free pass, Smith said. 
This means scientists can try to predict how the virus might mutate an active area of research and base a vaccine on that, without worrying about diminishing protection against current circulating strains. 
If last year's strain is still around this flu season, a vaccine targeted for a novel strain will still offer a defense by stirring antibody production. 
This opens up the possibility for vaccinating against a future virus, explains Smith, We don't have anything to lose because it won't make the vaccine any worse. 
The back boost covers our backs. 
Epidemiologist Michael Osterholm agrees. 
This is potentially revolutionary work, says Osterholm, who directs the Center for Infectious Disease and Research Policy at the University of Minnesota, We're a long way from changing our current policies, but this could really help. 
It also raises questions about how often do we need to be vaccinated if we can use this back-boost? 
It 'll be a while before a vaccine that takes advantage of the back-boost goes into a shot or nasal spray -- the approach still needs to go through clinical trials, which Smith hopes to get started on within a couple years. 
Until then, he recommends you get your flu shot anyway. 
Game of Thrones is coming. 
No, not the HBO show -- you still have to wait till 2015 for that -- but rather the highly anticipated videogame coming from Telltale Games. 
The first chapter of the game's six episodes is due out before the end of the year for PC, Mac, Xbox 360, Xbox One, PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, and iOS. 
Today, we 've finally got our first look at the trailer, whose narrator sounds very much like actor Lena Headey. 
It also features some familiar faces: Cersei, Tyrion, Margaery Tyrell, Ramsay Bolton, and a guy getting tortured by Ramsay who may or may not be Theon. 
Originating from a minor house in the Vale, Maester Ortengryn studied at the Citadel in the hope of being assigned to the Eyrie. 
But by the time he'd earned enough links on his chain to graduate from acolyte, Jon Arryn had been murdered and the South was in turmoil. 
The Citadel ultimately assigned Maester Ortengryn to Ironrath, where he soon came to respect the Forrester family's honor and integrity. 
He now serves the Forresters with pride and has become a trusted advisor to the Lord. 
Built over fifteen hundred years ago by Cedric Forrester and his triplet sons, Ironrath is a testament to the strength and endurance of Ironwood. 
The Forrester house words are ` Iron from Ice', which echoes their belief that -- like the ironwood itself -- the adverse conditions and unforgiving landscape of the North only makes them stronger. 
The Forresters have come up in the books before though not the TV show, thanks to a passing mention in A Dance with Dragons. 
They're bannermen to House Glover of Deepwood Motte, and have long been loyal to the Starks, though we're told little beyond that. 
Ironrath is located in the Wolfswood, a massive forest that sprawls across the northwest of the North. 
It's also conveniently located on the edge of the largest ironwood forest in Westeros, giving the Forresters control of a valuable resource often used build weapons and ships. 
Fun fact: When Ned Stark beheaded that guy in the beginning of Game of Thrones, it was on an ironwood stump! 
We're told that their good fortune has attracted the particular jealousy of their sure-to-be-evil rivals known as House Whitehill. 
Indeed, the trailer involves some ominous threats from Cersei, who mentions how important the ironwood is to the Forresters and suggests that it would be a shame to let it fall into the hands of another house. 
I imagine you'd do anything to prevent that from happening, wouldn't you? 
According to Telltale, unspecified events -- likely relating to Cersei's threats -- will put House Forrester into a precarious position that could spell their doom. 
And perhaps ... send a protagonist on an exciting journey to achieve a thing? 
Throughout the course of the game, you 'll actually get to play as five different members of House Forrester -- either blood relatives or those serving them -- across both Westeros and the eastern continent of Essos. 
The qualification that not all playable characters are actual members of the family suggests that Maester Ortengryn may indeed be one of them, since he was merely assigned to the House by the Citadel, and not born into it. 
A previous teaser for the game included a quote from Storm of Swords mentioning squids in the Wolfswood and flayed men -LSB- riding -RSB- the Kingsroad, a reference to the Greyjoys and the Boltons in the North. 
The third season of the television show ends with Roose Bolton named Warden in the North, so chances are the Forresters will be asked to swear fealty to House Bolton -- and the man widely known to have betrayed and killed Robb Stark, their former lord. 
The Greyjoy angle is a little more uncertain, since Yara's doomed invasion to rescue Theon didn't take her anywhere near the Wolfswood the Bolton Dreadfort is located in the East though the Ironborn could still factor in in one way or another. 
Since the end of the fourth season also sees the arrival of Stannis Baratheon at the Wall, he -- and dare we hope, the Battle for Castle Black? 
-- could easily play a role in this Northern drama as well. 
What's the sound of a spacecraft landing? 
It used to be a source of fun speculation, but now we know for sure. 
Instruments recorded the thump of Philae's first of three landings on comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko last week. 
The SESAME-CASSE instrument, which includes sensors on the bottom of the lander's feet, recorded vibrations felt when Philae first bounced off the comet's surface. 
What you hear is the actual sound of the landing. 
Sounds can't travel through the vacuum of space, because there are no air molecules to vibrate. 
But sound can move through solid objects like the leg of a spacecraft, which is what Philae recorded. 
The sounds reveal that the lander first touched down on a hard, icy surface covered by a softer layer several centimeters thick that is probably dust. 
As for where Philae is now, the team is still figuring it out. 
Preliminary data suggests that the little spacecraft is sitting on a lot of water ice. 
This week, China hosted its first World Internet Conference in Wuzhen. 
The irony of a country with some of the strictest online censorship laws in the world holding an event with the theme interconnected world, shared and governed by all was underscored yesterday, when the events' organizers made a pro-forma attempt to get attendees to approve a draft declaration by slipping it under their hotel room doors late at night. 
TechCrunch has obtained a copy of the document, which is supposed to represent the consensus views of conference participants. 
A PDF is embedded at the bottom of this post. 
Our source says that the draft was put under hotel room doors around 11PM, giving attendees until only 8AM the next morning to make revisions before it is released at tonight's closing ceremony. 
Furthermore, many attendees had already checked out last night since the conference's main events took place on Wednesday and Thursday. 
The World Internet Conference, which started on Wednesday and ends today, was organized by the State Internet Information Office SIIO. 
The SIIO was set up in 2011 to coordinate various agencies after then-president Hu Jintao called for the government to ramp up its oversight of online content and activity. 
Participants in the Conference acknowledge that the Internet is increasingly becoming a leading force of innovation-driven development and is powering economic and social progress. 
The Internet has turned the world into a global village and made the international community a highly interdependent community of common destiny. 
While enjoying rapid development, the Internet has posed new challenges to national sovereignty, security and development interests, which requires the international community to meet urgently and seriously expand consensus and strengthen cooperation. 
It then went on to list nine suggestions. 
The most ridiculous and mealy-mouthed are below. 
This item is especially ridiculous considering China's well-documented history of launching cyberattacks against international media outlets, military, and government organizations. 
The director of the U.S. National Security Agency admittedly not itself a glowing example of good behavior, Admiral Mike Rogers, recently said that China, along with probably one or two other countries, has the power to possibly shutdown the U.S.'s Internet infrastructure, including the computer systems of public utilities, aviation networks, and financial companies. 
Media outlets China has spied on recently include the New York Times and Next Media. 
Next Media, one of Hong Kong's largest media companies, has long been a target of the Chinese government, but attacks on its computer systems have increased since the start of pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong, which Next Media founder Jimmy Lai has openly supported. 
China has arguably used terrorism prevention as an excuse to exercise even tighter control on its residents' access to online information and services. 
For example, in August the Chinese government blocked several messaging apps, including Line, KakaoTalk, Talkbox, Vower, and Didi, claiming that the services were being used to spread terrorism-related information. 
But Line's blockage may have in fact have been triggered by the pro-democracy demonstrations in Hong Kong. 
As Qiao Mu, a professor journalism at Beijing Foreign Studies University, told the Financial Times: This alleged link between terrorism and these messaging apps is pretty far-fetched. 
On the whole, it sounds like they are using antiterrorism as an excuse to ban foreign apps, which are harder for the government to control. 
It's not just foreign Internet services and apps being targeted under the guise of counter-terrorism. 
The Chinese government also launched a campaign against popular microblogging platform Weibo formerly Sina Weibo last year, citing similar reasons. 
Last year, Weibo's user base fell 9 percent to 280.8 million from 308.6 million the year before. 
This is partly because many users are shifting to more private messaging apps like Tencent's WeChat, but also because of stricter laws like one that threatens social media users with three years in jail if a message that the government deems to be an online rumor is shared more than 500 times or seen by more than 5,000 users. 
China's regulations against online pornography have been particularly severe. 
In 2009, more than 15,000 sites with pornographic content were shutdown. 
The crackdown intensified this year. 
In the spring, China's internet regulator launched a sweep called the Clean Internet Campaign that included the closure of three online literature sites that it claimed it hosted obscene content. 
Penalties for posting pornographic content online for profit include sentences of up to three years in jail. 
This isn't just about the healthy growth of young people. 
Anti-pornography laws make it even harder to share information on the Internet by giving the Chinese government more leeway in the kinds of sites it is allowed to target and shutdown. 
The Clean Internet Campaign came soon after the banning of messaging apps mentioned above, as well as the Weibo crackdown. 
The country's Land Transport Authority LTA today outlined a framework to safeguard commuter safety and interests in response to the rapid rise of apps like Uber, Hailo, GrabTaxi and Rocket Internet-backed Easy Taxi. 
The organization expects the regulations to be effective within the first half of next year. 
Singapore may be a relatively small country with a population of around five million, but there are nearly 30,000 registered taxi cabs and car ownership is expensive. 
In a recent interview, Hailo's Ron Zeghibe told TechCrunch that it was pretty clear that taxi apps have taken off in the country. 
The proposed framework isn't likely to cause much chaos for these companies. 
They will be required to register with the TLA, and provide the cost of fares upfront, which they already do. 
They must also offer basic customer support services, and all drivers should hold Taxi Driver's Vocational Licences. 
That's another thing each company already adheres to, even drivers of UberX -- the ride-sharing service -- are commercially licensed in Singapore. 
The logic here is that this information can affect the likelihood of a driver deciding to make a collection. 
If they know you want to travel through an area with heavy traffic or your journey is far then they may choose to ignore your request, for example. 
While the taxi industry has shared that knowing prospective passengers' destinations can encourage drivers to accept bookings, there are concerns that some taxi drivers may choose their passengers and avoid taking bookings to certain destinations. 
LTA has thus decided that it should be left to commuters to decide if they want to provide this information. 
Uber and Hailo adhere to this, but GrabTaxi and Easy Taxi may need to adjust their apps in response -- neither company provided comment to TechCrunch at the time of writing. 
Uber and GrabTaxi both released positive statements when contacted. 
Looking to get away? 
Maybe you should just add a trip to your Wish List in the hope someone buys it for you. 
At least, that's what you might be able to do soon, if reports of Amazon branching out into travel are accurate. 
The travel news site Skift reports that Amazon has been working with independent hotels and resorts near major cities to kickstart a new Travel department. 
The report claims that the new service could launch as soon as January 1st 2015, initially providing hotel options around New York, Los Angeles and Seattle. 
The model sounds pretty simple: hotels would list rooms, availability, pricing, and photos into on Amazon, then pay 15% commission to Bezos & Co. on any bookings. 
Hoteliers tell Skift that Amazon has been approaching them to join the scheme over the past weeks, using TripAdvisor ratings to target the best places to get on board. 
The report suggests that the initial focus of Amazon Travel would be on places to stay rather than transport, though the offering will be rounded out with editorial about attractions and other things to do in the destination. 
It sound much like Amazon's other early-stage dabbling, which start small in an attempt to see if they're viable at scale. 
Obviously, it's tough to say how accurate this report is. 
But with Amazon increasingly looking to provide services for every facade of your life, it's certainly believable. 
Let's wait see. 
-LSB- Skift -RSB- 
This marks the second time the Bills will play at Ford Field this season following a 17-14 win over the Lions on Oct. 5. 
It also is the second time in four years the facility has hosted a neutral site game. 
The last time an NFL game was moved to Ford Field unexpectedly, the fans who did show up witnessed a bit of history. 
Brett Favre's streak of 297 regular-season starts came to an end that night - on Dec. 13, 2010 - when the Minnesota Vikings lost to the New York Giants 21-3. 
Favre was sidelined by shoulder and hand issues. 
That game was moved to Detroit because the Metrodome roof collapsed. 
A brain area that recognizes faces remains functional even in people who have been blind since birth, researchers say. 
The finding, presented at the Society for Neuroscience Meeting this week, suggests that facial recognition is so important that evolution has hardwired it into the human brain. 
It's all inborn, says Josef Rauschecker, a professor of neuroscience at Georgetown University Medical Center. 
The structures are all there because nature has put them there. 
First, the scientists had Gerrard learn to use a special headset fitted with a small camera. 
By moving her head, Gerrard could make the camera scan across a drawing. 
Blind volunteers used a headset fitted with a small camera to scan various shapes, and listened to a mix of corresponding sounds. 
Gradually, they learned to associate a specific pattern of sound interplay with a specific contour. 
The square in the center represents the camera's field of view. 
So, what you are seeing and hearing is a line moving across the camera's field of view, first from bottom to top and then from left to right. 
The device produced sounds. 
And as lines or curves came into the camera's view, those sounds would change. 
The concept is a bit like tapping your way along a wall to find a stud behind the plaster. 
With practice, Gerrard was able to interpret more complex sound patterns that revealed more complicated shapes. 
Eventually, I could identify a face by listening to those sounds, Gerrard says. 
To find out how Gerrard was doing this, the Georgetown scientists put her in a brain scanner. 
The idea was to watch Gerrard's brain while she was using sounds to recognize a simplified drawing of a face, says Paula Plaza, who was in charge of the experiment. 
Our interest was looking into the brain, she says. 
What part of the brain is responsible for this perception? 
The team compared brain scans from the six blind people with the scans from 10 sighted people who were looking at the face drawings with their own eyes. 
The results were almost identical. 
In both groups, the image caused lots of activity in the left fusiform face area, a region of the brain that always lights up when you see a face, Rauschecker says. 
In sighted people, the fusiform face area is connected to the brain's visual system, he says. 
But in blind people it appears to be wired to circuits that process sounds. 
So there is substantial reorganization in the brain of the blind, Rauschecker says. 
What's remarkable is that despite this reorganization, the brain of a blind person retains the module devoted to facial recognition, Rauschecker says. 
That strongly suggests that the ability to recognize faces comes more from nature than nurture, he says. 
It came from Justin Lucas, the head of NPR's Audience and Community Relations team. 
He's the go-to person here for requests from listeners, for information or permissions. 
Justin read me an excerpt of the request: I'd love to make and sell Mama Stamberg's Cranberry Chutney. 
A portion of the proceeds ... 
Wait, she says chutney? 
I ask. 
Fair point, says Lucas. 
Anyway, a portion of the proceeds will go to either NPR or our local NPR station. 
Please let me know the terms under which you would allow this. 
Thank you very much. 
Anyway, Justin says, I'm the one to give permission. 
So I call her. 
Hansen tells me there are lots of NPR listeners in Delmarva where Delaware, Maryland and Virginia make a pretty peninsula who are curious about the recipe, but don't want to actually make it. 
She figures if she makes it, they 'll want to try it. 
So can we do it? 
she asks. 
Well, I say, I'm kinda picky about that recipe. 
I mean, Americans can make it when I do it on the radio, but ... you're not very far from where I am in Washington, D.C. I think I'd need to come and inspect your sandwich shop and see the kind of operation you 've got. 
That would be fabulous! 
says Beth. 
You were asking what our terms might be, I say. 
You know we have no terms, to tell you the truth, Miss Hansen. 
But this inspection will be very important -- just to make sure it's the proper venue. 
It turned out it was the weekend of the Waterfowl Festival in Easton, a lively celebration of hunting season in Delmarva. 
But the only geese we see in town are carved in plastic, and bleep from a boombox, hidden behind some bales of hay. 
Now, like you, I have attitudes about hunting. 
And guns. 
I like big dogs and decoys and not great paintings of ducks and geese and sunny streets full of families and food stalls. 
There are lots of eating areas all around with tables and chairs. 
At 9 a.m., there's quite a line at the all-you-can-eat $ 7 breakfast buffet. 
Delmarva native Mark Weaver is fixing himself a plate. 
I started with the potatoes. 
You got ta have your starch. 
And then my scrapple. 
Then, after that, we're gon na get a little bit of bacon, he says. 
I 'll grab a biscuit and I 'll make a little biscuits and gravy. 
At this point I am in need of Beth Hansen's Soup and Salad. 
Where is she? 
I stroll the aisles, searching. 
And there's the food stand. 
Beth is tall and smiling, gray hair, and friendly, if a bit nervous. 
Her soup looks good: We have potato leek, vegetable beef, crab and chicken noodle. 
It smells great and the salad fixings are so fresh they sparkle. 
Beth opens a container. 
OK, this is the big moment, she says, Are we worthy? 
It's a little pale, I say. 
It's supposed to be more of a Pepto Bismol color. 
She hands me a spoon. 
Slowly and carefully I take a taste. 
This is perfect, I say. 
She gasps. 
It could use a little more horseradish, but who am I to quibble. 
Another bite, a grin, and Beth Hansen gets the Stamberg Family Seal of Approval. 
The latest public awareness campaign from the White House focuses on bystanders. 
A slick new PSA urges students to step in when they see a someone who may be in trouble. 
It follows other efforts aimed at would-be-perpetrators, making sure they understand what counts as consent. 
That's not society I wan na live in, where I have to look out for what I wear. 
I think that's a basic human right, she says. 
And we don't tell men to not get blackout drunk. 
But, Sayre says, not warning women feels wrong, too. 
Her mom warned her. 
Grad student Brendon Smith, who signed the bystander pledge, says it's not an either/or question. 
Of course, students should take precautions, he says. 
As one law enforcement official put it, you wouldn't park your Lexus with the windows open and leave jewelry on the front seat. 
That would be foolish. 
People don't like to hear that. 
Like, if I tell my friend like, ` Oh, I think you are drinking too much, like you should probably slow down,' I might get some crap for it, but I think it's a risk you have to take. 
I mean, they possibly could be a victim of some kind of assault, he says. 
When I saw it, I was like ` What the hell does that mean?' 
It was very shocking, says LaChrista Greco, a survivor and activist who works on campus. 
I was like, ` This is super victim blaming.' 
People can not prevent their own rapes. 
Recently Ramapo College in New Jersey also came under fire after students were warned that their body language and facial expressions could also invite assault. 
Officials say the comments were misinterpreted and that violence is always the perpetrator's fault, but they're reviewing their program. 
Likewise, at the University of Wisconsin, police spokesman Marc Lovicott says officers will now choose their words more carefully. 
The university police's safety tips were updated, and the wolves reference was removed. 
Man, it just seems like we live in such a politically correct society these days and everybody's watching the words they use and they should be, I mean, to a certain extent. 
But when it comes to crime prevention we're not gon na stop, Lovicott says. 
Campuses have an obligation, Lovicott says, to advise students how to stay safe. 
And that's not victim blaming, because there are predators out there who are looking for individuals that may seem more of a target than others, he says. 
But how do you say that in a way that you're not offending a victim who went through this horrible crime? 
This is the third rail. 
It really is, says University of Virginia law professor Anne Coughlin. 
She says she, too, has learned to hold back on what she calls commonsense advice. 
Yes, I 've experienced the blowback, and it's touchy, she says. 
But, she says, it's also understandable. 
Going back to that analogy of leaving your Lexus open with jewelry in the back seat -- police might call that a dumb move. 
But if your stuff was taken, they'd also call it a crime, and go after the thief. 
Rape cases, Coughlin says, have always been different. 
Up until very, very recently, there was no crime. 
If the woman is drunk ... she's intoxicated, it must mean she's consenting, she wasn't raped. 
That's not victim blaming, that's saying you weren't even a victim, she says. 
Indeed, as White House senior adviser Valerie Jarrett puts it, no matter what happens leading up to the crime, it's still a crime. 
Warning potential victims should be part of the solution, she says, but only part. 
Yes, throughout life everybody has to do what they can to protect themselves. 
Certainly one has personal responsibility, but in so many of these instances women are doing everything right, but yet they're still being sexually assaulted, Jarrett says. 
What's encouraging, Jarrett says, is that people are now talking about it more. 
Years ago, she says, she never warned her daughter about sexual assault, but she says, she's glad that moms today are. 
We listen to our own voice when we talk -- it helps us monitor what we're saying. 
But simultaneous interpreters have to translate one language into another in real time, so they learn to ignore themselves. 
In the 1990s Franco Fabbro and colleagues at the University of Trieste in Italy asked students to recite the days of the week and the months of the year in reverse order while listening to themselves through headphones. 
First they heard themselves with no delay. 
Then they repeated the exercise with delayed feedback of 150, 200 and 250 milliseconds. 
Half the students were untrained in translation and made errors. 
The other half of the group were in their third or fourth year at the university's School of Translators and Interpreters, and these students suffered no significant disruption. 
Quick! 
If you had to guess what an iPad Air 2 decked out in 24K gold looked like, what would you say? 
If your answer was ridiculously kitschy -- congratulations! 
You're correct. 
We'd also accept kind of like grandpa's wristwatch 
It used to be that scientists all agreed that it was impossible to achieve temperatures below absolute zero, but now they realise that's not entirely true. 
This video explains how you can reach temperatures below absolute zero. 
The phenomenon is made possible by playing with entropy and energy, to change the way groups of particles behave. 
But better to watch the video than have me explain. 
We still not entirely sure what to do with the finding, though. 
-LSB- New Scientist -RSB- 
Music while you shop? 
Two prominent startups in India have teamed up to push their respective causes and raise awareness of two nascent industries that could explode as smartphone adoption in the country grows. 
Streaming service Saavn today announced a partnership with online retail giant Snapdeal. 
The first fruit of the coming-together sees customers who shops at the e-commerce site using an Android device given two months of free access to Saavn's premium, ad-free music service. 
Snapdeal may be India's e-commerce underdog, since it competes with minted rivals Amazon and Flipkart, though it recently raised a whopping $ 627 million round of its own. 
Android accounts for as many as 90 percent of smartphones in India, and it almost certainly makes up a huge chunk of Snapdeal's revenue -- the company says 70 percent of its orders come from all types of smartphones and tablets, and it expects that figure to reach 90 percent within two years. 
Saavn's position isn't that much different. 
It also competes with strong rivals and in an industry that could take off as India's population buys increasing numbers of mobile devices. 
The company offers millions of Indian music and international tracks in a similar manner to Spotify. 
It released a Pro version of its service last year, allowing users to pay 220 INR $ 3.60 for ad-free listening and access to tracks offline -- it also offers cheaper ` lite' plans. 
The startup, which is headquartered in New York with offices in India, recently raised undisclosed funding and reshuffled its leadership team, as it prepared to up the ante and compete with Rdio -- which snapped up Indian startup Dhingana -- and local rival Gaana.com, a service from Indian media firm Times Internet, for the attention of the public. 
This partnership with Saavn is in response to this growing penchant for mobile shopping amongst our customers. 
We want to encourage that trend by providing easy access to what they love most -- a truly high quality, uninterrupted music experience, commented Kunal Bahl, co-Founder and CEO of Snapdeal. 
The giveaway is effective today. 
Shoppers who buy from Snapdeal's mobile site using an Android device will receive a notification that contains a Saavn Pro promotion code and a prompt to get the Saavn Android app. 
Once they download it and redeem that code, they 'll have access to the Pro service for two months. 
Some caveats apply though. 
Saavn tells us that its partnership with Snapdeal will run for a year, and could include different offers from time to time. 
This particular deal will last for at least one month -- possibly three months, we hear -- but each user can only redeem one promotion code -- so repeat shopping on Android devices doesn't mean repeat free trials of Saavn Pro. 
But for real, the kind of horrifying, fleshy-lookin' 3D printed shape you see below is quite literally bananas. 
Pureed bananas, mixed with a bit o' potato starch for the sake of holding things together. 
As the latest experiment by the guys over at 3digitalcooks a blog that focuses heavily on 3d printing with food stuffs like chocolate, or potatoes, or, as in this case, bananas, it's ... still a bit of a work in progress. 
It's pretty darn neat, in theory, it's just not very ... you know, appetizing. 
PFT, DETAILS. 
Next step: figure out how to make it not immediately turn brown. 
Their best guess there is to use some kind of ascorbic acid. 
We surveyed people on whether or not they'd care if their 3D printed banana food was brown, and 100% of respondents said What the hell is 3d printed banana food? 
which I'm taking as a yes. 
America has the Tesla electric car, Britain has ... a poop bus. 
Bristol Airport now has a bus that will shuttle people to Bath city centre, powered solely by human and food waste. 
To be specific, it's the biomethane gas produced by the anaerobic digestion treatment of said waste that the bus runs on. 
Anaerobic digestion sees oxygen starved bacteria breaking down biodegradable materials, with methane-rich gas a by product of the process. 
The 40 seater can travel 186 miles on a single tank, which is the equivalent of five people's annual waste. 
The gas is stored in dome-like tanks on the bus's roof, with the vehicle emitting 30 per cent less carbon dioxide compared to a conventional diesel engine. 
Gas-powered vehicles have an important role to play in improving air quality in UK cities but the Bio-Bus goes further than that and is actually powered by people living in the local area, including quite possibly those on the bus itself, said Mohammed Saddiq, general manager at GENeco, the Wessex Water subsidiary whose Avonmouth sewage works provides the biomethane gas that powers the bus. 
-LSB- BBC -RSB- 
Did you ever play Maniac Mansion? 
Of course you did. 
Because if you hadn't, the geek police a real thing would have already taken away your geek card also real. 
Like pretty much anything Lucasfilm Games RIP released throughout the 80s and 90s, Maniac Mansion is just one of those games you have to play. 
Seriously, go bootleg it if you have to. 
Maniac Mansion creators Ron Gilbert and Gary Winnick are back with a spiritual successor to Maniac Mansion, Monkey Island, and the many such LucasArts games of yesteryear: Thimbleweed Park. 
The wonderfully clunky interface? 
The oh-so-pixely pixel art? 
It's all there. 
As The Wall Street Journal reports, four of the men are Yemeni and that is important because they are the first Yemeni prisoners to be transferred since 2010. 
The paper explains: 
The U.S. banned transfers of Yemeni detainees to Yemen after Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab, a Nigerian man, attempted to blow up an airliner on Christmas Day 2009 with an underwear bomb made by a Yemen-based terror group. 
Yemeni detainees are the largest group in Guantanamo, and transferring those detainees from the prison remains an obstacle to closing it, according to human rights advocates. 
There now are 143 men held at Guantanamo, including 84 Yemen nationals, according to the Pentagon. 
Of the Yemenis held at the prison, 54 are eligible to be transferred from Guantanamo and have been cleared for release, the Pentagon said. 
A number of resettlements are expected in the coming weeks. 
U.S. State Department envoy Clifford Sloan has been trying to persuade countries to accept prisoners, and he praised Georgia and Slovakia. 
` We are very grateful to our partners for these generous humanitarian gestures,' Sloan said. 
` We appreciate the strong support we are receiving from our friends and allies around the globe.' 
Georgia took three prisoners from Guantanamo in 2010. 
Slovakia has taken a total of eight men from Guantanamo. 
Lousy days happen to all of us. 
Even a seemingly harmless wake-up-on-the-wrong-side-of-the-bed morning can send you into a funk. 
No matter how many happiness hacks or positive mantras you try to make it better, it can be hard to shake your grouchiness and glass-half-empty attitude. 
And when a bad mood follows you to work, it can amplify all sorts of everyday annoyances and frustrations. 
Now, perhaps you're not able to hold it together in front of your boss when she criticizes your report. 
Or you're more prone to raise your voice at the intern when he makes copies in black and white instead of color like you asked. 
And you make absent-minded mistakes, like distractedly sending the wrong version of a document to a client. 
While none of these are career-ending mistakes, their effects can leave you feeling down on yourself for days. 
Whatever the situation, you know you need to turn it around as soon as possible. 
But pause your catastrophic thinking, and take a moment to identify the emotions behind those thoughts. 
Are you angry with a client? 
Disappointed with yourself? 
It may sound simple, but applying a label to the emotion you're experiencing can discharge its hold on you and equip you to overcome the negative feelings. 
When you're flustered, your mind is cluttered, but research shows that putting your feelings into words can put the brakes on your emotional response and help you process the situation from a more rational, calm perspective. 
A thought becomes simply a thought ; an emotion just an emotion. 
For example, I keep messing up at work, and I'm so frustrated with myself becomes I'm having the thought that I'm not doing enough at work, and I'm feeling frustration because of it. 
This mindfulness practice has been shown to improve behavior and problem solving. 
When you're having a bad day, your decision-making skills are hijacked, so avoid rash action. 
Read: Don't hit happy hour to drink your bad day away or delete the gigantic PowerPoint that's been the source of your frustration. 
Instead, allow yourself a set amount of time to wallow, be angry, or be sad, and then move on. 
For example, give yourself the morning to emotionally work through whatever is gnawing at your last nerve, but commit to coming back strong after lunch. 
If you can't turn it around that quickly, listen to the advice sleep on it. 
Sometimes, choosing to end one day and start fresh the next is the most powerful cure for a bad day. 
When you're having a bad day, it's easy to self-sabotage -- like wallowing alone. 
But resist the urge to isolate. 
We all have that one buddy who puts a smile on our face, no matter what, so see if you can arrange a quick coffee date with this person -- or, if he or she lives far away, send an email or text. 
Reaching out to a friend and finding empathy in his or her response can have a comforting effect and help you feel accepted bad days, grouchy moods, and all. 
Plus, it can be a great opportunity to ask for advice or a second opinion if you're facing a thorny situation at work. 
If you don't feel like explaining the situation to a friend, try reading PostSecret or your favorite blog. 
Even those virtual connections can help you feel understood and reminds you that you're not alone -- other people go through similar things every day. 
Need ideas? 
Offer to mentor an a new intern at the office, help an elderly person in your building carry heavy bags, or finally donate to the charity you 've been thinking about getting involved with. 
Not only will you be helping someone else, but you 'll be able to take the focus off of yourself, which can put your bad day in perspective. 
In fact, having this kind of giving attitude is key to being successful. 
Generosity helps elevate your reputation to multiply other people's successes, making you indispensable, management expert Adam Grant explains. 
So, find ways to help your co-workers, put more effort into answering emails, and, in general, make yourself a resource to others. 
In theory, treating yourself sounds nice after a day when nothing's gone right, but it's actually the worst time to indulge. 
When your judgement is compromised, you could end up overdoing it, whether that means eating a few too many sweet treats or buying a $ 300 pair of shoes that definitely aren't in your budget. 
In the moment, it may make you feel great -- but when it's time to pay your credit card bill, you 'll likely be overcome by guilt and end up feeling even worse. 
We 've all heard the old saying that it's not how many times you fall down, it's that you find the strength to get back up. 
When you find yourself in a deep funk, keep in mind that horrible days happen to everyone -- and they don't make you any less valuable of a person or employee. 
A little perspective, along with these tips, can help you bounce back next time one of those days happens to you. 
Melody Wilding, LMSW is a psychology expert and licensed therapist who works with entrepreneurs and young professionals. 
Melody has worked with top performers running some of today's biggest startups along with published authors and media personalities. 
She has been featured on New York Magazine, FastCompany, Glamour, and more. 
Sign up for your free session at MelodyWilding.com and follow her on Twitter @MelodyWilding. 
Want to see your work on Lifehacker? 
Email Andy. 
Aereo, the streaming TV service that let users watch near-live TV on any internet-connected device, has today announced that the company is filing for Chapter 11 reorganization in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York. 
The company has appointed Lawton Bloom, from Argus, to serve as Chief Restructuring Officer during the gradual shut down process. 
Aereo launched back in 2012 with a plan to change the way we watch television. 
The New York City-based company offered technology that lets users rent, on a subscription basis, access to a micro antenna small enough to fit on the tip of your finger. 
The antennas were stored remotely in one of Aereo's antenna farms, placed close enough to various broadcast towers to pull in those signals. 
Aereo users could then choose between any of those publicly available, free OTA signals to choose a channel. 
The Aereo technology lets the user immediately start recording as soon as they tuned to a channel, which allowed for a similar experience to watching live TV, as recordings could be played back as soon as they began. 
Because of this, Aereo was able to offer access to 30 different television channels, including the big broadcast networks like Fox, ABC, NBC, and CBS, for as low as $ 8/month. 
In fact, an Aereo user with a borrowed HBO Go subscription, a Hulu Plus Account, or Netflix, really has no need for cable television. 
So not surprisingly, these broadcast networks took Aereo to the mat, in various markets, in an attempt to plug the leak. 
It didn't take too long after Aereo's launch for the broadcast networks to band together and file a lawsuit in New York City, Aereo's home market. 
But this was expected. 
In fact, the company was prepared with around $ 25 million in funding from Barry Diller and others. 
Aereo's operational costs, even with scalability and marketing costs, don't require that much capital. 
That was war money. 
The broadcasters argued that Aereo was illegally retransmitting their copyrighted work, alleging violation of the Copyright Act. 
Aereo, on the other hand, argued that Cloud DVR storage and using an antenna to pull free OTA signals down to your device are both legal activities. 
Combining them, according to Aereo, holds up under an earlier precedent set by Cablevision. 
See, Cablevision came under fire a few years ago for transforming their DVR service to a cloud-based storage system as opposed to on-deck storage. 
The company came out victorious, arguing that the individual copies of content being viewed by DVR users were still individual, unique, and private copies that were owned by the user, and that they do not constitute public performances. 
Aereo's technology was actually built with the express intent to fall within this precedent. 
Like a Cablevision cloud DVR system, Aereo users are the ones who choose to tune to a channel, record, and watch. 
This is an integral piece of information when it comes to proving a private performance vs. a public performance, which was a main issue in the case. 
But that was far from the end. 
Aereo raised more money, and defended itself against more fire. 
Similar lawsuits were filed in Boston and Utah against Aereo, slowly but surely draining the startup of resources as it fought multiple battles in different regions. 
In Boston, Aereo held up in court yet again, but Salt Lake City proved difficult, with a federal judge shutting down the service in that market. 
And so, in December of 2013, both parties decided that the never-ending lawsuit was a waste of time, petitioning to put the case before the Supreme Court. 
At the time, Aereo had more wins under its belt than losses, and a win in the Supreme Court would solve the biggest and most financially draining problems plaguing the startup since inception. 
Ever since, Aereo has been looking for ways to keep the dream alive. 
The company even tried to petition to be classified as a cable company, given that its perception as one was the reason for its shuttering. 
But the Copyright Office denied the request. 
And so, almost three years later, we 've reached the end of the road. 
And it should light a fire under the ass of the tech industry, especially for those interested in disrupting the current cable television model. 
The system has been corrupted. 
Companies like NBC, Fox, ABC and CBS get the spectrum they use to broadcast to us for a ridiculously low price from the government, with the express promise to offer a public information service to Americans for free, in return. 
But since the cable companies and media companies have consolidated powers, transforming into a powerful oligopoly, free broadcast television is bundled for a price into your cable package. 
Of course, you could go buy a pair of rabbit ears, cut the cord, and call it a day. 
But it's 2014, and for all intents and purposes, Aereo is the modern-day set of rabbit ears. 
Personally, I find it a shame that the Supreme Court couldn't see that. 
Big engines like the 707-horsepower monster Dodge put in the Challenger Hellcat or Volvo's little four-cylinder that makes 425 ponies get all the attention these days. 
But there are millions of tiny engines doing tiny things think garden trimmers, leaf blowers, that sort of thing that we never give much thought to. 
But just as there are engineers pondering how to make big engines more powerful, so too are there engineers pondering how to make tiny engines more powerful. 
Some of those engineers work at the engine development firm LiquidPiston, which has created a 70cc pistonless rotary engine that it expects to produce five horsepower at an astounding 15,000 RPM -- in a package 30 percent smaller than a similar piston engines. 
Now, five horsepower doesn't sound like a lot, but it's more than adequate for the applications such an engine might be used in. 
And further refinement of the prototype could, of course, bring more power. 
LiquidPiston calls the new engine the X Mini. 
It can run on diesel fuel or spark-fired gasoline like the engine in your car. 
Because so many potential applications are in the lawn care and landscaping biz, the current design runs on a mix of gasoline and oil for lubrication. 
The engine is similar to the Wankel engine Mazda used for years in the RX-series sports car. 
It has just two moving parts: a rotor and a shaft to transfer power from the engine. 
Minimal moving parts means the engine is smaller, lighter, more reliable and quieter than a conventional piston-fired engine. 
It's also smoother, which, if you 've ever used a weed whacker or leaf blower, you 'll consider a big plus. 
So what's a pistonless rotary engine, you ask? 
In a conventional four-stroke reciprocating piston engine, the piston moves within a cylinder. 
Air and fuel are drawn in with a downstroke and compressed in an upstroke. 
The mixture is detonated as the piston reaches the top of the cylinder ; the explosion forces the piston down, creating power. 
Exhaust gasses are expelled on the following upstroke, and the process begins anew. 
A Wankel pistonless rotary engine has a rotor that looks like a rounded triangle, a shape called an epitrochoid. 
It rotates in an eccentric orbit within an oval chamber ; each rotation results in three power strokes. 
The big advantage of a pistonless rotary engine is its high power to weight ratio, reduced weight, and simplicity. 
LiquidPiston riffed on the Wankel design and uses an oval rotor that spins within an epitrochoid chamber. 
The company claims its design -- one of 60 it says it has patented -- improves upon the Wankel to create a more durable engine. 
The engine, which is 95 percent aluminum, uses a pair of counterbalancers to minimize vibration. 
LiquidPiston claims it is two orders of magnitude smoother than a conventional engine. 
Such an engine could see use in everything from scooters to drones, but LiquidPiston is focusing on the lawn and garden market -- even if it has no plans to actually build engines. 
We're not looking to manufacture engines, says company president Alexander Shkolnik. 
Instead, the company plans to continue developing the engine and work with a manufacturing partner to tailor it to a particular application, perhaps a chain saw or leaf blower. 
Shkolnik presented a paper on the new engine this week at the SAE/JSAE 2014 Small Engine Technology Conference & Exhibition in Italy. 
Next year, the company plans a contest to solicit ideas for how the engine might best be used. 
A lot of the major risks have been addressed, Shkolnik says. 
Now it's all about optimization and calibration. 
Starfish were deflating. 
Polar bears were going bald. 
Fur seals were raping penguins. 
A 400-pound tortoise named Benjamin Franklin made an appearance outside a Walmart. 
An orange remote-controlled dog, called FIDO, failed to scare geese away from an amphitheater in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. 
FIDO was the centerpiece of an elaborate goose-deterrence strategy deployed by the city parks department which, one official explained, would teach geese that the amphitheater was not a good place to be, because that orange thing will chase us. 
However, the official explained, What we found is, that didn't really happen. 
The city was now considering identifying people who go walking near the amphitheater for exercise and recruiting them to physically chase -LSB- the geese -RSB- and run them off. 
Police officers in England hazed 29 pilot whales with a helicopter to keep them from beaching. 
Virgin Atlantic flew 57 giant chicken frogs from London to Antigua. 
Law enforcement officers in Michigan assisted a skunk that had gotten its head stuck in a jar. 
It was a skunk in distress, a police department spokesman explained. 
A black bear in Florida snatched a three-year-old Yorkie named Brody and started carrying the dog up a tree when it was suddenly ambushed by Brody's owner. 
Erica hit the bear two times, the woman's fiancé told a reporter. 
A woman walking her dog in New Hampshire was attacked by a coyote. 
There was something wrong with it, the woman said, describing the animal. 
In Arizona, a woman walking her dog was assaulted by a javelina, and in California, a woman walking her dog was gored by a three-legged wild boar. 
Thousands of bats dropped dead from trees in Australia during a heat wave. 
A family in New Jersey discovered a colony of bats living in their son's bedroom and set up a webcam to share their bats with the world. 
In China, a panda was attacked by a pack of martens and needed more than 100 stitches. 
Officials in Washington state were arguing about who was responsible for the recovery and disposal of a humpback whale carcass, projected to cost $ 188,000. 
The whale had been floating close to shore for several weeks ; earlier, a man had jumped into the water to surf the whale on a dare, even as several sharks busily picked the animal apart. 
He subsequently conceded this was a bad idea. 
A state fisheries employee insisted that, regardless of whatever one local mayor believed, the dead whale wasn't his agency's problem because whales are mammals, not fish. 
A British zoo director was found guilty of allowing a flock of ibises to escape, then shooting them. 
A zoo keeper in India was arrested in connection with the disappearance of eight gecko lizards. 
More arrests are likely to be made, police said. 
Montana celebrated one year of legalized roadkill-eating. 
It's really exceeded my expectations, one state legislator bragged. 
In Nevada, a headless deer laying on the side of the road was creeping out commuters, and traffic in Venice, Florida screeched to a halt when drivers stopped to watch an epic mid-air battle between two bald eagles. 
Ultimately, the tussling eagles fell from the sky together and landed in a muddy ditch. 
In Virginia, a Cooper's hawk flew into a Michael's craft store where it killed and ate a songbird. 
A baby baboon snuggled with a teddy bear. 
Vladimir Putin snuggled with a koala. 
Prince William promoted an Angry Birds tournament to raise awareness about the plight of the endangered pangolin. 
A squirrel made a movie with a GoPro. 
A belligerent three-legged alligator was stealing fish from fishermen in Florida. 
The proprietor of a Santa Monica sushi bar, known for its its unique and exotic blend of seafood medley plead guilty to serving his customers whale. 
Fans spotted a crocodile walking around the sidelines at a rugby game in Papau New Guinea ; the league CEO explained that the animal was probably was there as a promotional stunt, but couldn't say for sure. 
A Cuban couple was domesticating a species of toothy rodent called the hutia, and reported the animals enjoy crackers, coffee and rum. 
A New York state senator was asked to judge a moose-calling contest, despite knowing very little about moose, and the US federal government put out another open call for nominations for its Wild Horse and Burro Advisory Board. 
In New Jersey, a deer leapt through a glass window into an Estonian church in the middle of the night, then ran through the church's office, splattering blood and scattering books and paperwork. 
Eventually, the animal leapt back through the window and disappeared. 
Reflecting on the incident, the church's pastor said, It's mysterious and difficult to relate to, actually. 
A new exhibit opens at MoMA tomorrow. 
Called Uneven Growth: Tactical Urbanisms for Growing Megacities, it looks at how urban planners could work informal housing developments to make megacities more livable. 
Courtesy NLÉ and Zoohaus/Inteligencias Colectivas and MoMA A new exhibit opens at MoMA tomorrow. 
Called Uneven Growth: Tactical Urbanisms for Growing Megacities, it looks at how urban planners could work informal housing developments to make megacities more livable. 
This is an imagined view of Lagos, Nigeria, in 2050. 
Thirty percent of Lagos is currently underwater, leading to water slum housing, and the roads are congested with SUVs. 
Architects propose embracing the water to create transportation and economic opportunity, like in Venice or Amsterdam. 
Courtesy NLÉ and Zoohaus/Inteligencias Colectivas and MoMA This is an imagined view of Lagos, Nigeria, in 2050. 
Thirty percent of Lagos is currently underwater, leading to water slum housing, and the roads are congested with SUVs. 
Architects propose embracing the water to create transportation and economic opportunity, like in Venice or Amsterdam. 
By transforming existing infrastructure, like gas generators, into architecture for renewable energy, Lagos would go off the grid. 
Courtesy NLÉ and Zoohaus/Inteligencias Colectivas and MoMA By transforming existing infrastructure, like gas generators, into architecture for renewable energy, Lagos would go off the grid.Hong Kong's population is growing fast, but the city is mostly surrounded by water. 
Architects propose building eight new islands off the coast, each one dedicated to an economic activity. 
This one is the island of surplus, where waste gets sent for future use. 
Courtesy MAP Office and MoMA Hong Kong's population is growing fast, but the city is mostly surrounded by water. 
Architects propose building eight new islands off the coast, each one dedicated to an economic activity. 
This one is the island of surplus, where waste gets sent for future use. 
Istanbul's middle class aspires to live in TOKIs, gated communities where everyone owns a car, many gadgets, and could soon be in debt. 
This rendering shows what TOKIs could be like if they turn into new-age communes and embracing car, compost, and service sharing, along with solar panels and local gardens. 
Courtesy Superpool and MoMA Istanbul's middle class aspires to live in TOKIs, gated communities where everyone owns a car, many gadgets, and could soon be in debt. 
This rendering shows what TOKIs could be like if they turn into new-age communes and embracing car, compost, and service sharing, along with solar panels and local gardens. 
Almost 12 million of Mumbai's residents live in informal tool houses, slum-like structures where people live and work. 
Rather than razing these for high-rises, architects propose validating them. 
Courtesy URBZ and MoMA Almost 12 million of Mumbai's residents live in informal tool houses, slum-like structures where people live and work. 
Rather than razing these for high-rises, architects propose validating them. 
Part of the proposal includes investing and developing new lightweight construction materials to allow ad-hoc spaces to be built safely. 
Courtesy URBZ and MoMA Part of the proposal includes investing and developing new lightweight construction materials to allow ad-hoc spaces to be built safely.Luxury developments have created a housing shortage for many New Yorkers. 
That leads to rent burden and illegally subdivided apartments. 
Housing Cooperative Trusts are proposed here, in which the city, non-profits, community stakeholders, and tenants would all co-own rehabilitated buildings and ensure long-term affordable housing. 
Courtesy Cohabitation Strategies CohStra and MoMA Luxury developments have created a housing shortage for many New Yorkers. 
That leads to rent burden and illegally subdivided apartments. 
Housing Cooperative Trusts are proposed here, in which the city, non-profits, community stakeholders, and tenants would all co-own rehabilitated buildings and ensure long-term affordable housing. 
Community Growth Organizations would also form, to turn underutilized spaces -- like yards and rooftops -- into pockets of economic activity. 
To be fair, this type of local urban planning is already underway in New York. 
Courtesy SITU Studio and MoMA Community Growth Organizations would also form, to turn underutilized spaces -- like yards and rooftops -- into pockets of economic activity. 
To be fair, this type of local urban planning is already underway in New York. 
Rio is well known for its favelas. 
The urban planners for this project decided to create a new consumer catalog that encourages people to build add-ons. 
Rio is well known for its favelas. 
The urban planners for this project decided to create a new consumer catalog that encourages people to build add-ons. 
That catalog would be called Veranda Products. 
By selling consumer goods that make ad-hoc building easier, the city could foster small-scale entrepreneurial projects, and therefore give poorer cariocas access to more economic activity. 
Courtesy RUA Arquitetos and MAS Urban Design, ETH Zurich and MoMA That catalog would be called Veranda Products. 
By selling consumer goods that make ad-hoc building easier, the city could foster small-scale entrepreneurial projects, and therefore give poorer cariocas access to more economic activity. 
A new exhibit opens at MoMA tomorrow. 
Called Uneven Growth: Tactical Urbanisms for Growing Megacities, it looks at how urban planners could work informal housing developments to make megacities more livable. 
Courtesy NLÉ and Zoohaus/Inteligencias Colectivas and MoMA A new exhibit opens at MoMA tomorrow. 
Called Uneven Growth: Tactical Urbanisms for Growing Megacities, it looks at how urban planners could work informal housing developments to make megacities more livable. 
This is an imagined view of Lagos, Nigeria, in 2050. 
Thirty percent of Lagos is currently underwater, leading to water slum housing, and the roads are congested with SUVs. 
Architects propose embracing the water to create transportation and economic opportunity, like in Venice or Amsterdam. 
Courtesy NLÉ and Zoohaus/Inteligencias Colectivas and MoMA This is an imagined view of Lagos, Nigeria, in 2050. 
Thirty percent of Lagos is currently underwater, leading to water slum housing, and the roads are congested with SUVs. 
Architects propose embracing the water to create transportation and economic opportunity, like in Venice or Amsterdam. 
By transforming existing infrastructure, like gas generators, into architecture for renewable energy, Lagos would go off the grid. 
Courtesy NLÉ and Zoohaus/Inteligencias Colectivas and MoMA By transforming existing infrastructure, like gas generators, into architecture for renewable energy, Lagos would go off the grid.Hong Kong's population is growing fast, but the city is mostly surrounded by water. 
Architects propose building eight new islands off the coast, each one dedicated to an economic activity. 
This one is the island of surplus, where waste gets sent for future use. 
Courtesy MAP Office and MoMA Hong Kong's population is growing fast, but the city is mostly surrounded by water. 
Architects propose building eight new islands off the coast, each one dedicated to an economic activity. 
This one is the island of surplus, where waste gets sent for future use. 
Istanbul's middle class aspires to live in TOKIs, gated communities where everyone owns a car, many gadgets, and could soon be in debt. 
This rendering shows what TOKIs could be like if they turn into new-age communes and embracing car, compost, and service sharing, along with solar panels and local gardens. 
Courtesy Superpool and MoMA Istanbul's middle class aspires to live in TOKIs, gated communities where everyone owns a car, many gadgets, and could soon be in debt. 
This rendering shows what TOKIs could be like if they turn into new-age communes and embracing car, compost, and service sharing, along with solar panels and local gardens. 
Almost 12 million of Mumbai's residents live in informal tool houses, slum-like structures where people live and work. 
Rather than razing these for high-rises, architects propose validating them. 
Courtesy URBZ and MoMA Almost 12 million of Mumbai's residents live in informal tool houses, slum-like structures where people live and work. 
Rather than razing these for high-rises, architects propose validating them. 
Part of the proposal includes investing and developing new lightweight construction materials to allow ad-hoc spaces to be built safely. 
Courtesy URBZ and MoMA Part of the proposal includes investing and developing new lightweight construction materials to allow ad-hoc spaces to be built safely.Luxury developments have created a housing shortage for many New Yorkers. 
That leads to rent burden and illegally subdivided apartments. 
Housing Cooperative Trusts are proposed here, in which the city, non-profits, community stakeholders, and tenants would all co-own rehabilitated buildings and ensure long-term affordable housing. 
Courtesy Cohabitation Strategies CohStra and MoMA Luxury developments have created a housing shortage for many New Yorkers. 
That leads to rent burden and illegally subdivided apartments. 
Housing Cooperative Trusts are proposed here, in which the city, non-profits, community stakeholders, and tenants would all co-own rehabilitated buildings and ensure long-term affordable housing. 
Community Growth Organizations would also form, to turn underutilized spaces -- like yards and rooftops -- into pockets of economic activity. 
To be fair, this type of local urban planning is already underway in New York. 
Courtesy SITU Studio and MoMA Community Growth Organizations would also form, to turn underutilized spaces -- like yards and rooftops -- into pockets of economic activity. 
To be fair, this type of local urban planning is already underway in New York. 
Rio is well known for its favelas. 
The urban planners for this project decided to create a new consumer catalog that encourages people to build add-ons. 
Rio is well known for its favelas. 
The urban planners for this project decided to create a new consumer catalog that encourages people to build add-ons. 
That catalog would be called Veranda Products. 
By selling consumer goods that make ad-hoc building easier, the city could foster small-scale entrepreneurial projects, and therefore give poorer cariocas access to more economic activity. 
Courtesy RUA Arquitetos and MAS Urban Design, ETH Zurich and MoMA That catalog would be called Veranda Products. 
By selling consumer goods that make ad-hoc building easier, the city could foster small-scale entrepreneurial projects, and therefore give poorer cariocas access to more economic activity. 
The statistics are staggering: Researchers predict that by 2025, the world will have 37 megacities, defined as urban areas with more than 10 million people. 
New York City and Newark are expected to have more than 23 million inhabitants ; Tokyo, more than 38 million people. 
All told, well over half of the world's population will be living in these super settlements. 
One number that isn't referenced often is that two-thirds of that population will be poor, says Pedro Gadanho, who curated Uneven Growth: Tactical Urbanisms for Growing Megacities at MoMA. 
That poverty translates into informal cities, like the favelas of Rio de Janeiro or illegally subdivided high-rises of Hong Kong. 
What Gadanho, and MoMA, want to explore is: How can urban planners work with these urban residents, not against them, to make cities more livable for everyone? 
There are myriad factors to consider: When rising tides encroach on millions of residences, will those families lose their homes? 
If many of the 8 billion people in the world don't have access to proper healthcare, how can architects promote healthy living environments? 
Gadanho invited six teams of architects, urban planners, and researchers to propose tactical urbanisms, or urban planning solutions that draw on existing and not always legal infrastructure and patterns in human settlement. 
Each team spent 14 months on scenarios for one of six cities: New York, Rio de Janeiro, Mumbai, Lagos, Hong Kong, and Istanbul. 
Each city is growing rapidly, and each has tremendous inequality. 
The teams were selected based on their work and methodology. 
I cherry picked practices that were already on the terrain, doing their own take on the idea of tactical urbanism. 
So they were already working with committees, researching how people were appropriating space, and proposing models for a different kind of city, Gadanho says. 
Many of these proposals are based on the idea that top-down planning has been failing people in many aspects. 
In scale and ambition, the results run the gamut. 
For instance, 85 percent of Hong Kong is surrounded by water, yet the city's population is expected swell by 50 percent. 
MAP Office, Hong Kong Network Architecture Lab, and New York's Columbia University reasoned that with so little land, the city has three options: develop sanctioned natural parks, extended the shoreline further into the water, or building artificial islands near the coastline. 
They ultimately proposed building eight new islands, each dedicated to an economic or social activity unique to Hong Kong, like fishing. 
Naturally, building these would create jobs. 
In Istanbul, housing development in the 1970s led to a city where the middle class mostly inhabits TOKI buildings, or clusters of towers in gated communities. 
For the people of Istanbul, acquiring a TOKI apartment is part of a middle class dream, one that also includes owning a car, and the latest gadgets. 
As Superpool and Istanbul Atelier d’Architecture Autogérée see it, that consumer-driven culture could soon become a society in debt. 
They propose a new kind of utopia, where the TOKI clusters get retrofitted with micro-farms, solar panels, and shared car services. 
Called R-Urban, the services would be open-source and connected through a series of apps. 
It builds a sharing economy layer on top of the TOKI clusters, which reinforces, rather than destroys, the sense of community that drew inhabitants there in the first place. 
After 14 months of gestation, each project is still highly hypothetical and probably only viable under a certain set of circumstances, like municipal cooperation, or the availability of funds for construction. 
They're all pie-in-the-sky utopian ideals. 
In that light, the exhibit is a mental exercise, one that considers how to build according to what people are already doing. 
Governments might want to eradicate favela housing, because they can't control it, but that improvisational style of living exists in part because of the skills and community values that already live in a city. 
That's an opportunity, not an obstacle. 
Great looking hardware. 
Snappy processor and plenty of RAM make the Z3 a speed demon. 
Shoots 4K video. 
Waterproof up to 5 feet. 
Glass back makes it a fingerprint magnet -- and a slippery one at that. 
I dropped and shattered mine. 
Finicky camera produces inconsistent photos. 
Stability issues aplenty. 
Mystifying software choices, including pointless redesigns of great stock Android apps. 
Sony has an Android problem. 
For years now the consumer electronics giant has been making some truly head-turning hardware loaded with Google's mobile OS. 
When it comes to actually using the hardware, though, things almost always go south. 
It seems Sony just can't help itself from making the same mistakes over and over. 
The Xperia Z3 is its latest almost-great phone. 
On paper, the it looks like a gem. 
You 've got a 5.2-inch 1080p display 424 ppi, a 20.7-megapixel camera capable of shooting 4K video, Qualcomm's super-quick 2.5 GHz quad-core Snapdragon 801 processor, not two but three gigabytes of RAM, a 3100mAh battery, dual front-facing speakers, and sure, what the hell, let's make it waterproof to a depth of 5 feet for up to half an hour, too. 
There aren't many phones out there with a rap sheet as bad as that. 
With the screen off, it looks like a polished black slab -- both front and back. 
Around the sides is a solid, gently rounded aluminum chassis. 
Up top is a headphone jack yes, it's waterproof. 
On the right-hand side, you 'll find the door covering the micro SD card slot, the silver power button, the volume rocker, and lastly, the physical shutter button for the camera. 
All phones should have a physical shutter button. 
When it comes to speed, you won't have any complaints. 
Sony went through a long phase where it used great processors, but bad software slowed everything down. 
That seems to be one thing they 've solved because this thing absolutely screams. 
I don't see any hesitation while flipping between home screens, app and folders fly open, and everything seems to move as fast as your finger. 
As for sights and sounds, the screen is very bright and I almost never had any difficulty reading it outdoors. 
The colors are rich, too. 
The Z3 doesn't have those super inky blacks that we love on AMOLED displays, though, and at times it looks a bit gray and flat. 
I was excited about the dual front-facing speakers a la the HTC One M8, but while they're fairly loud and nice for gaming, they're not very clear. 
Music sounds distorted and unbalanced, and things can be grating at full volume. 
In contrast, both the HTC One M8 and the new Moto X which only has one true front-facing speaker are louder and better sounding. 
The camera is finicky too. 
Sometimes, when there's enough light, it produces rich, vivid, and sharp photos that absolutely make you salivate. 
Two seconds later, you can take almost the exact same shot, and it 'll be washed out with bland colors. 
The camera app isn't particularly user-friendly, either. 
Settings seem to be placed at random within the menu, and you can't access most of them until you change out of auto mode. 
Speaking of camera modes, there are over a dozen, although they take the form of camera apps. 
That's where you 'll find useful things like 4K video stashed among other generally useless apps like AR Fun, which overlays dinosaurs and elves onto whatever you're pointing your camera at. 
Battery life is generally solid, too. 
Sony claims that it has two day battery life. 
I definitely never saw it get anywhere close to that the most I ever got was 30 hours, but I'm a heavy user. 
I will say that most of the time made it well past bedtime without needing a charge, except for when it didn't. 
And here's where things started getting weird. 
It seems that there's got to be a runaway bit of code somewhere in the device, but I have no idea what triggers it. 
There are days where it seems this phone will never run out of batteries, and then there are days when I notice the phone is running hot and I find myself looking for a charger before 6pm. 
As far as I can tell, I'm using the phone roughly the same amount, so something must be wrong in there. 
Ultimately, even though the software doesn't cause many slowdowns, it's still what keeps this from being a great phone. 
When you compare the UI i.e. the skin Sony puts on top of Android to the minimal UI that Motorola is using, or to stock Android, it looks like a convoluted mess. 
For proof, just look at my notification panel. 
All of those are from pre-installed software that came with this phone. 
Do you see what's not there? 
My actual notifications, like for email and text messages. 
I had to scroll down to find them. 
Even when there are fewer things on there, it's still tough to find what you're looking for because it gets so cluttered. 
The apps Sony decides for some reason to redo on their own -- like the very good stock Android Calendar -- universally get worse as well. 
This is true for the dialer, where the UI has no sense of flow, and the app drawer, where they add a layers of complication to something as simple as adding an app to your desktop. 
It seems Sony has too much ego caught up in the game and just can't get out of its own way. 
There are stability issues, too. 
I got an error message after I hadn't been using my phone, pulled it out, and took five photos. 
I also get a lot of apps randomly crashing. 
Sometimes, everything you open instantly crashes, and you have to restart the phone. 
It's these layers of annoyance and complication that make it very hard to recommend the Z3 to John and Jane Q Public. 
So once again we're left with an all too familiar story. 
The Z3 is ostensibly a phone with a lot going for it. 
It's a phone I actually really want to love. 
But once again, the flaws are simply too sizable and numerous to recommend it in good conscience. 
Here's to hoping that story will finally change next time. 
Walking into the new Hunger Games movie, it's easy to feel a sense of anticipatory disappointment. 
Thanks to the many times we 've seen one book split into two films -- it was vaguely annoying for Twilight, it 'll be downright intolerable by the final Divergent movie -- we're conditioned to think of the Part 1 ″ of any series as the appetizer, the cinematic amuse-bouche you have to watch before waiting another year for the main course. 
It's very unsatisfying. 
Mockingjay -- Part 1 is no different, with one big exception: It leaves you craving more, instead of feeling unfulfilled. 
A lot of this is thanks to the fact that third installment in the franchise is set in an almost entirely different world than the two films before it. 
The Hunger Games and Catching Fire both put teenage hero Katniss Everdeen the perpetually movie-saving Jennifer Lawrence in an arena fighting other teens for survival. 
In Mockingjay she's been rescued from the frying pan and thrown into the fire, joining the civil war her acts in the Hunger Games inspired. 
It's like Che Guevara in reverse: She was the face of the movement before she joined the revolution. 
Setting up this new battle means there's a lot of explaining to do -- and while thanks to quick direction from Francis Lawrence it all gets done in a clean two hours, here's the even shorter version: After being extracted from the last Hunger Games at the end of Catching Fire, Katniss has been taken to the rebellion's underground bunker in District 13, a concrete and iron structure bathed in sci-fi grey. 
The former Head Gamemaker Plutarch Heavensbee the late Philip Seymour Hoffman, to whom the film is dedicated has convinced President Alma Coin the chillingly believable Julianne Moore that Katniss should be the symbol of the revolution, the star of a televised propaganda campaign to unite the people against the totalitarian Capitol. 
After a few humorous missteps -- the rare levity in a very somber movie provides -- Katniss' plane-shooting, rally-crying face is jamming airwaves and causing revolts throughout her home country of Panem. 
And thank god that face is Lawrence's. 
Yes, she's one of our best working actresses and the No. 1 Realness Keeper of American cinema, but her skill lies in being able to take a fairly unlikeable, moody character and make her believable. 
There's probably no other actress under 25 who could spend nearly two-thirds of a film in a state of shocked open-mouth crying and still be fascinating. 
Katniss Everdeen may start revolutions, but Jennifer Lawrence could make peaceniks take up arms. 
Being surrounded by the likes of Hoffman, Moore, Woody Harrelson as the newly-sober Haymitch, Jeffrey Wright tech whiz Beetee, and Game of Thrones badass Natalie Dormer as Katniss' documentarian Cressida, doesn't hurt either. 
It also demonstrates how much more of a crap actors -- and Lionsgate, which hired them -- seem to give about this dystopian franchise than nearly any other one currently running. 
The other Lawrence's performance ain't so bad, either. 
Francis took over directing duties on the saga on Catching Fire and managed to give that movie much more weight and bravado than its predecessor no disrespect to Garry Marshall. 
He does even more of that here, broadening the story beyond Katniss, whose POV is all we get in the books, and giving Mockingjay more heft than we get out of a lot of its YA counterparts. 
Seriously, what other made-for-teens movie series touch on totalitarianism, social upheaval, and/or prisoner torture? 
And while it might be overstating to call these movies important in the Hurt Locker sense of the word, they can have an impact, especially for young women. 
Surprisingly, though, the increased scope doesn't mean the script from Peter Craig and Danny Strong the writer of HBO's Game Change who also played the annoying Danny Siegel on Mad Men has to stretch too much in order to pad out what was in Suzanne Collins' Mockingjay novel. 
Scenes that were only alluded to in the book -- Panem rebellions and the ensuing public executions -- get screen-time and there are more scenes with President Snow played by Donald Sutherland and his caterpillar eyebrows, but other than that it's almost note-for-note from Collins' story. 
There is one fantastic exception to this source-material loyalty: Effie Trinket. 
In the book, Katniss' glamour team from the Hunger Games was taken from the Capitol by the District 13 rebels to work on her Mockingjay looks. 
Here, it's just Effie, played to perfection by Elizabeth Banks. 
In a movie light on LoLs, she shows up looking like Madonna circa her pseudo-revolutionary phase and gets to say things like, you 'll be the best dressed rebel in history. 
Suck it, everyone in a Guy Fawkes mask. 
It's everything. 
And even while Effie is turned up, the story's love triangle is blessedly turned down. 
In District 13, Katniss is with Gale walking jawline and serviceable actor Liam Hemsworth while Peeta affable humanoid Josh Hutcherson is being held captive by the Capitol. 
Gale manages to show his requisite bits of jealousy, but for the most part Katniss' feelings towards either of them are limited to her worry about what horrors Peeta is enduring at the hands of his captors. 
That is, until the end. 
We won't spoil it here -- especially since the reveal of where the filmmakers broke up the novel is about the only surprise the book's fans are going to get -- but those worried the movie would simply stop, rather than have a proper ending, will be relieved. 
It isn't as gripping as what's likely to come in Part 2, but Mockingjay -- Part 1 does come with a proper coda/cliffhanger. 
It's not a cold adrenaline rush to the heart, but it also doesn't feel forced or flaccid. 
Mockingjay isn't perfect. 
But for a movie that could 've come out looking like the franchise family's awkward middle child, it's incredibly mature. 
And, perhaps more importantly, it doesn't feel like it was made just so a studio could raise venture-capital levels of money at the box office, even though they probably will. 
There's action, a smart script, and nearly two solid hours of Jennifer Lawrence. 
And no one walking into this movie expects much more than that. 
In 16th century Scotland, the alchemist John Damian, who was known to expense a suspicious amount of whiskey in his experiments to find the elusive philosopher's stone, decided he could fly. 
He fashioned a pair of wings from feathers and took off from the lofty battlements of Stirling Castle for a flight to Paris. 
He didn't make it to France, but he did plummet a few feet away from the castle and break a leg. 
The failure, he later claimed, was due to using feathers from chickens, which can't so much fly, when he should have used eagle feathers instead. 
Really, the problem had more to do with mammals like us not being cut out for flight. 
Well, except for bats. 
There are, though, critters like sugar gliders and flying squirrels, which can pull off some pretty solid glides. 
But compared to the adorable and little-known colugo, they got nothin'. 
This is the most accomplished mammalian glider of all -- on account of being essentially a giant flap of skin -- capable of soaring an incredible 200 feet from tree to tree. 
Its expansive membrane, known as a patagium, stretches from its face to the tips of its digits all the way back to its tail, so geometrically, it has the greatest surface area that you can have between those limbs without actually evolving an entire wing like bats did, said conservation biologist Jan Janecka of Duquesne University. 
With such a beautifully evolved body, the colugo, also known misleadingly as a flying lemur more on that later, spends its nights leisurely gliding through the forests of Southeast Asia. 
Their skeletons, while not nearly as frail as those of bats, are thinner and more elongated than that of a squirrel, reducing their weight while increasing their surface area. 
And their huge eyes, Janecka says, gives them not only good night vision, but excellent depth perception -- no insignificant advantage when you're coming in for a hard landing on the trunk of a tree. 
Colugos are such adept gliders that mothers have no problem bringing their babies along for the ride. 
And they 'll do so for quite some time, for their young are born highly underdeveloped. 
They're not as helpless as, say, marsupial young ` uns, which enjoy the comfort of their mother's pouch, but certainly not as developed as most mammals. 
Still, the newborns cling to mom as she sails around the rainforest in search of food, mostly sap and leaves and shoots. 
And as if the colugo's flappy skin weren't bizarre enough, its teeth are shaped like little combs. 
This could be helping them in some way to feed, says Janecka, or may play a part in grooming to snag parasites on their skin. 
That's right. 
Colugos may be brushing their hair with combs built right into their faces. 
Unfortunately, beyond watching mothers sail around with their babies, we don't know much at all about the colugo's social life. 
And efforts to keep them in captivity have largely been for naught. 
Remember that these are creatures used to gliding up to 200 feet, and good luck finding that kind of space in a zoo. 
Basically their enclosures weren't large enough to allow them to glide long distances, said Janecka. 
And because they couldn't glide, they couldn't keep their patagium well maintained and dry enough. 
They developed infections on their skin, perhaps from a fungus, and died. 
Ironically enough, it's too much space in the wild that's threatening some colugo populations. 
Deforestation can strand species in islands of trees, but even if loggers just thin out spots in the forest, it's big trouble for the colugo. 
They're the most accomplished mammalian glider on Earth, sure, but if there's too much space between trees, the colugo runs the risk of sinking right to the ground. 
And as you can see below in the video from National Geographic they strapped a camera to a colugo -- enough said, the creature's extra skin makes it all but worthless when anywhere but the canopy. 
It's an easy target in a habitat packed with predators. 
Because colugos tend to live in isolated habitats and because they insist on emerging only at night, much of what we know about them comes from anecdotal evidence. 
Case in point: colugo doo-doo. 
It ... moves. 
I 've seen some videos of fecal material that they 've dropped where there's so many worms it's actually moving, said Janecka. 
It's squirming around. 
The colugo digestive tract, it seems, has a really, really high parasite load. 
And that whole dynamic, whether it happened to be in a population that has a lot of parasites or it's something that's more normal for the colugos that they 've learned to deal with, that's one of those unknown questions at this point. 
What is abundantly clear is that the colugo has a very long digestive tract, which makes sense for a creature that eats trees. 
That stuff takes a whole lot of time to digest. 
But such long guts could also be acting as a sort of mansions for parasitic worms, which have lots of room to make themselves comfortable. 
Until someone starts studying colugo turds at length, though, we 'll have to leave this one a mystery. 
But thanks to Janecka and his colleagues, we're now confident of this: Colugos are primates' closest living relatives. 
So although flying lemur is a misnomer, both because colugos aren't flying but gliding and they're not a kind of lemur, the name isn't that far off. 
Because they have these adaptations for gliding, originally people sort of threw them in with bats, Janecka said. 
But when they looked at the actual morphology of the skull, there was evidence that they're closely related to primates. 
When Janecka and his colleagues did a genomic analysis of the colugo, this suspicion was confirmed. 
It turns out that around 90 million years ago, at the height of the dinosaurs' reign when mammals were just tiny furballs scurrying about trying not to get stepped on, the colugo's ancestors split off from our primate lineage. 
Some 25 million years later, the dinosaurs' time came to an end, leading to the explosion of mammalian diversity. 
In fairness, though, it's the arthropods and bacteria who really rule the world, not us mammals. 
But they can't do cool things like glide 200 feet or comb themselves with their teeth ... or drop poop that moves on its own. 
Browse the full Absurd Creature of the Week archive here. 
Know of an animal you want me to write about? 
Are you a scientist studying a bizarre creature? 
Email matthew_simon@wired.com or ping me on Twitter at @mrMattSimon. 
While we had significant victories in the federal district courts in New York and Boston and the Second Circuit Court of Appeals, the reversal of the Second Circuit decision in June by the U.S. Supreme Court has proven difficult to overcome. 
The U.S. Supreme Court decision effectively changed the laws that had governed Aereo's technology, creating regulatory and legal uncertainty. 
And while our team has focused its energies on exploring every path forward available to us, without that clarity, the challenges have proven too difficult to overcome. 
It's sad that what promised to be a consumer-friendly and generally pretty terrific service has been driven into the ground by regulation, but then that's the way laws work. 
So long, Aereo: it was great while it lasted. 
-LSB- TechCrunch -RSB- 
In order to strengthen your mind and build mental toughness, you need to work it the same way you would work your muscles in the gym. 
This mental workout helps you refocus and visualize success in tough times, and only takes 100 seconds of your day to complete. 
Jason Selk is a performance coach that has worked with Olympians and professional athletes in almost every sport there is. 
During his time with Major League Baseball's St. Louis Cardinals, Selk's job was to train the team mentally. 
Over at Inc., Selk explains the mental exercise he had them do helped them earn two World Series championships, and you can easily do it on your own: 
When you find yourself in tough times, use this exercise to conquer your mental state. 
With enough time and practice, you can train yourself to do this type of quick meditation automatically, increasing your mental toughness. 
You are capable of getting through the hard times, and you are capable of doing what needs to be done, but you have to believe it first. 
The U.S. Supreme Court decision effectively changed the laws that had governed Aereo's technology, creating regulatory and legal uncertainty, the company's founder and CEO Chet Kanojia said in a statement. 
And while our team has focused its energies on exploring every path forward available to us, without that clarity, the challenges have proven too difficult to overcome. 
We have traveled a long and challenging road, Kanojia said. 
We stayed true to our mission and we believe that we have played a significant part in pushing the conversation forward, helping force positive change in the industry for consumers. 
Robots are smart and getting smarter. 
But will they ever actually manage to become sentient and go all Terminator on us? 
This video investigates that question. 
Charting the likely course of AI, Hannah Fry ponders the steps required to shift to sentience. 
I 'll let her explain the conclusions. 
-LSB- Head Squeeze -RSB- 
Amazon has been gaining ground on Netflix in the streaming market in the U.S., and now it is planning a video service that could see it overtake its rival. 
According to a report in the New York Post, the e-commerce giant is planning a free video service that will be supported by advertising. 
This would sit alongside -- not replace -- the company's existing video offering that is bundled into its $ 99/year Prime membership. 
Does this sound familiar? 
It should. 
In March, the WSJ had a similar report of an ad-supported video service. 
But at the time the company flat-out denied that this was happening. 
The NYP report notes that the ad-based service is a definite go although it not specify a launch date. 
The WSJ wrote that the service would be turned on in the coming months. 
We have reached out to Amazon for a comment for this story or another denial. 
We will update when and if we hear more. 
But in the meantime there are a lot of reasons why it would make sense for Amazon to launch an ad-supported video service: 
The Amazon Media Group, as the company's effort is called, already sells advertising across a range of Amazon properties -- Amazon.com, Quidsy, Imdb.com planting seeds for film and video-related ads? 
, and photography site DPReview. 
It also runs mobile ads and ads specifically for Amazon's Kindle devices. 
Currently, the company only lists one video format in its list of ad units. 
That is for an in-stream video, which it only serves on non-Amazon sites, and only in the U.S. and Canada. 
While Google's YouTube has built its audience on ad-supported free video, it also has paid channels and is now launching a paid subscription for music videos, Music Key. 
While Yahoo has long been working on ways to have a to more comprehensive video play in the form of content, it's also been beefing up in video ads, recently acquiring BrightRoll. 
Amazon Instant Video is now the second largest paid streaming video service in North America, accounting for 2.6% of downstream traffic, Sandvine notes. 
It's also seeing the most growth, with traffic more than doubling in the last 18 months. 
One of the perks of becoming a grownup is you no longer have an imposed bed time. 
It still might not hurt to schedule one for yourself if you want to keep your sleep cycle steady, though. 
As business blog Inc. suggests, sleep is an appointment just like any other. 
You need to make time for it, and there are consequences if you don't. 
Because sleep won't fire us if we miss a meeting, we tend to think it's less important to put it in the calendar. 
However, we schedule what's important to us. 
And sleep is incredibly important: 
Sleep deprivation drastically impairs our judgment. 
You are more likely to achieve success and health with a regular and generous sleep schedule.Treat your bedtime like an appointment, with the same urgency and importance that you give your work-repeated appointments. 
Determine what time you need to get up and count the hours backwards to allow for the seven or eight hours of sleep your body needs. 
Like a flight or important meeting, your sleep should be thought of as the fixed point of your day -- everything else should be adjusted as needed. 
Not only will having sleep in your calendar remind you that you need to do it, it also forces you to move it out of the way if you need to schedule something else. 
Friends want you to go to a party at 10PM on a Tuesday? 
When you enter that into your calendar, you see exactly how much sleep you're going to have to pay for it. 
If President Obama acts in defiance of the people and imposes his will on the country, Congress will act, said Mitch McConnell, soon to be the majority leader in the Senate. 
We're considering a variety of options. 
But make no mistake. 
Make no mistake. 
When the newly elected representatives of the people take their seats, they will act. 
The variety of options McConnell mentioned was left unspecified. 
But through all the angry rhetoric the target was not so much the new policy -- or its practical effects -- as the manner by which the president made the change. 
Obama did it on his own. 
He did not wait for Congress as he said many times he had to do. 
More to the point he did not wait for the new Republican majorities elected this month to arrive in power. 
In truth, the unilateral action makes a much better villain than the hopes and aspirations of immigrant families. 
The substance of Obama's policy shift, the deferring of deportation and allowance of some work permits so as to keep families intact, polls remarkably well. 
So the mantra for opponents this week was consistent: The president's actions were illegal, unlawful, even unconstitutional. 
Some said the president was provoking a constitutional crisis. 
At the Republican Governors Association meeting in Florida, potential presidential contenders vied to be the most outraged. 
But here too, the focus was less on the policy than on the unilateral process. 
And the predominant remedy was to go to court. 
Texas Gov. Rick Perry, about to leave office, said he might sue or leave that to his successor, Republican Greg Abbott. 
Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker, just re-elected, also said he was looking to the courts to smack the president down. 
Turning to the judiciary does seem appealing. 
If the president is out of line, the courts should say so. 
This strategy also has the virtue of moving the onus away from the elected officials themselves and onto another branch of government entirely -- one the elected folks can not entirely control. 
That way, if the courts fail to do as desired, well, then that's on the courts. 
Speaker Boehner had previously warned Obama that executive action on this issue was playing with matches. 
He said it could be added to the list of offenses for which the House is already suing the president. 
But the House lawsuit, authorized months ago when Boehner needed a gesture to placate his rank and file, has yet to be formally filed. 
Two law firms that had been retained in the matter are no longer involved. 
The House has now turned to law professor and media commentator Jonathan Turley to handle its case, and perhaps the immigration action will add fresh impetus as well. 
It is easy to find people who think the courts will stand aside on this one, or even rule in favor of the White House. 
But in any event, the legal system does not dispose of big matters overnight, and the president's new policy will be changing the facts on the ground very soon. 
So many opponents would prefer something more immediate and visible to demonstrate the sincerity of their resistance. 
Influential organizations such as Heritage Action and Americans for Limited Government have called for immediate action to frustrate the president's plans, fastening on the spending bill Congress was poised to pass in December to fund the government through next September. 
This omnibus appropriation has been favored by McConnell and his counterpart, House Speaker John Boehner, who want to end the short-term spending bills and fiscal cliffs that have complicated everyone's life these past four years. 
They want to show that the new GOP majority can return the fiscal ship of state to an even keel. 
But even if McConnell and Boehner shake their heads no, that December spending deadline still looks like a lovely opportunity to some of the president's antagonists. 
Why give away the leverage that spending bills give you every time they expire? 
Many on the right are even willing to risk another government shutdown, like the one in October 2013, or earlier episodes in 1995 and 1996. 
The conventional wisdom has been that those battles ended badly for Republicans in Congress, who relented in the end to Democratic Presidents Bill Clinton and Barack Obama and saw their party's approval rating slump in the polls. 
But right now, in the glow of their Nov. 4 triumphs in Congress and most statehouses, many Republicans are wondering whether shutdowns were really so bad for their brand. 
Sure, there was a short-term downturn in the Gallup, but what does that matter if you win the next actual election? 
These hardliners also know the previous shutdown struggles have focused on the inconvenience they caused the citizenry, or on the petulant behavior of some congressional leaders see the coverage Speaker Newt Gingrich got during the 1995 shutdown. 
Would the outcome be more favorable to the GOP if the government shut down to prevent the overreaching of a president -- especially one who's down in the polls himself and just lost a midterm election? 
Not content to wait around for Thanksgiving, Walmart has kicked off several of their best Black Friday deals early today. 
Our picks are below, but I suspect a lot of the best stuff will sell out early, so head over to their site to see the up-to-date list. 
Black Friday and Cyber Monday are right around the corner. 
Keep it locked here for the Internet's best coverage. 
We work together with you to find the best products and the best deals on them, click here to learn more. 
We operate independently of Editorial and Advertising, and if you take advantage of an item we cover, we may get a small share of the sale. 
We want your feedback. 
As the year wraps up, it's time to start thinking about deadlines -- and there are a handful of financial deadlines to meet by the end of the year. 
Here are a few money moves you should make before the new year. 
As we explained in our 401 k primer, the amount you save in your account is tax-deferred. 
This means whatever savings you make into the account you can deduct from your taxable income. 
You have until December 31 to contribute to your 401 k or 403 b. 
So if you want to reduce your taxable income in April, you should make those contributions now. 
The 2014 401 k contribution limit is $ 17,500, or $ 23,000 if you're 50 or older. 
The Traditional IRA is also tax-deferred, but you have until April 15 to contribute to your IRA. 
The limit is $ 5,500 for 2014 $ 6,500 if you're age 50 or older. 
Donating to charity is just a nice thing to do. 
But if you want to reap the tax benefits, you 'll want to do it soon. 
Any charitable contributions you make before December 31st will be tax deductible for your 2014 taxes. 
So donate your old clothes. 
Support your local indie radio station. 
Give to a nonprofit. 
And if you want to use your donation to reduce your tax bill, make sure to get receipts and keep records. 
Flexible Spending Accounts FSAs let you save pre-tax dollars for qualifying medical expenses. 
During open enrollment, you decide how much of each paycheck you want to save in the account. 
Like a 401 k, you can deduct the savings from your taxable income. 
Unlike a 401 k, if you don't use that money by the end of the year, you lose it well, some of it. 
IRS rules allow employers to carry over $ 500 of your money into the next year. 
Or, they can give you a grace period. 
Either way, many people find themselves having to spend their FSA money before the end of the year. 
And it's not always as easy as it sounds, because you can only spend it on qualifying medical expenses. 
I wrote about FSA end-of-year spending a while back at Bargaineering. 
Here are some suggestions on how to spend that money: 
Of course, you can also use the money on doctor's visits and more obvious medical expenses. 
Check out the full post for more suggestions. 
1099s are the most common example. 
If you hired a contractor or a subcontractor and paid them more than $ 600, you're required to send out 1099s. 
And you have to fill and mail them out before Jan 31st, so you should order them soon. 
Getting a big tax refund sounds like a good thing. 
But really, it's not. 
It means you're giving the IRS too much during the year. 
That money could be better used to pay down high interest debt. 
Or, you could save it and earn a little interest. 
Either way: ideally, you want to pay just the right amount of taxes during the year. 
No more, no less. 
If you expect you 'll pay too much or too little in taxes come April, you can fill out a new W-4 with your employer before the end of the year. 
Saving to Invest suggests doing this especially if you have other variable income: 
If you're self-employed and you pay quarterly estimated taxes, you 'll make your final payment for 2014 in January. 
Calculate how much you 've already paid, and how much you're expected to owe, then pay accordingly. 
We 've talked about capital gains in our primer on investing and taxes. 
Basically, when you sell your assets and make a profit, you're taxed on that profit, which is called a capital gain. 
To offset the taxes on capital gains, some people use capital losses. 
They sell any assets that have plummeted, take the hit and report the loss on their taxes. 
This is called tax-loss harvesting. 
Investopedia offers an example: 
In some states, contributions made to a 529 college savings plan is also tax-deductible. 
Edward Jones explains that you have to file by December 31 to receive any state income tax deduction. 
There are a few exceptions. 
Georgia, Mississippi, Oklahoma, Oregon and South Carolina let you deduct contributions made up until their tax-filing deadline next year. 
You might qualify for tax breaks on certain payments. 
Make them early, and you can maximize your deductions in April. 
For example, if you qualify for the home mortgage interest deduction, you might consider making your January payment in December. 
Keep in mind, though, this only works with your January payment. 
Bankrate points out that your mortgage payments are made at the end of your occupancy period. 
They explain: 
They add that you also want to make sure you give that payment enough time to process. 
This way, the interest will show up on your annual statement in time. 
TurboTax points out that you can also do this with property tax payments and tuition. 
Check out their post for more detail on each of these. 
If you made any financial resolutions, now is obviously a good time to review them. 
But even if you didn't, you might consider reviewing your financial situation and making some goals for the new year. 
Take a look at your budget and your spending. 
We 've written about how you can reform your budget by organizing your focus on four areas: 
And our own Melanie Pinola has also written about the most common ways we waste money. 
Some of these money-wasters are easy to overlook. 
At the end of the year, review your annual spending and decide if there are any areas in which you'd like to cut back. 
Make or revisit any financial goals. 
Two Cents is a new blog from Lifehacker all about personal finance. 
Follow us on Twitter here 
For years, software development has been driven mostly as a for-profit enterprise in which coders are hired to create applications for the organizations that employ them. 
That structure is usually a top-down exercise with a small number of people calling the shots and deciding what should get built and then assigning employees to build it. 
But now we 've reached a stage of history in which individuals have become more empowered to pursue projects on their own and with like-minded people. 
And as the cost of development has gone down, the amount of innovation has skyrocketed. 
Even so, there are still inefficiencies in this new model, most of which center around just how those like-minded people discover one another to begin with. 
Over the past year, Assembly has sought to solve those problems, by creating a platform upon which developers, designers, and engineers can come together to work on projects in an open, collaborative setting. 
As it seeks to grow, the company has raised $ 2.9 million in funding led by Union Square Ventures with participation from Thrive Capital, Box Group, Collaborative Fund, and a number of angels. 
Assembly has built a community for developers and designers in which they can collaboratively build and run various software projects together. 
Members share in the responsibilities and ownership of any given project they participate in, and stand to share in the benefits when a piece of software finds users and ends up being monetized. 
The platform works like this: First, a user submits an idea to Assembly and other community members can choose to rally around it and show support. 
Decisions about which features to add are done in a collaborative and transparent fashion, and bounties are set to determine how much value is assigned to any given task. 
When a task is done, the member who completed it receives a share of ownership in the project through the distribution of App Coins. 
Those App Coins are used by Assembly as a proprietary cryptocurrency to keep track of ownership for various projects. 
When a piece of software begins generating revenue, Assembly takes its cut and then passes on the rest, based on how much ownership each participating member has. 
All in all, it's a more egalitarian approach to making sure the folks who contribute the most to a project are those who are also paid when it comes to fruition. 
In the past year since launching the community, Assembly has seen five projects completed, which together have 4 million users between them. 
Two of those products are already profitable, and some community members are making more than $ 1,000 a month for their contributions to those projects. 
So far most of that work has been done during nights and weekends, or whenever participants have spare time. 
But the hope is that Assembly will enable those community members to eventually quit their day jobs and have the freedom and flexibility to work on Assembly projects full-time. 
