Married four times, he wooed Diane Sawyer, fathered children, and thought horses were majestic. 
The CIA plan calls for deleting the email of almost all employees after they leave the agency. 
Jerry is a cowboy through and though. 
Wal-Mart, which opened its first Indian store in 2009, has 20 stores in nine states. 
On iCloud, $ 1 a month gets you 20GB and $ 4 gets you 200GB. 
It is an epidemic or, at least, it's a very common, Hansraj told The Washington Post. 
If you're into baseball games, Sony makes MLB: The Show, the de facto only one that matters. 
That feature is designed to prevent both scams and seizure of escrow funds by law enforcement. 
There are some notable differences: Xbox One has HBO Go, which the PS4 doesn't yet have. 
I find they each have their strengths. 
IW: Someone's sitting at home on their couch right now, wanting to do what you do. 
But he describes himself as having been a shy child. 
Microsoft is currently rolling out updates to its first Windows 10 preview, aimed at large clients. 
In late 2013, the sleek, powerful PS4 wowed us more than the chunky, clunky Xbox One. 
If he's from the south, conch shells replace the chiles. 
Both devices allow users to log into their respective consoles via facial recognition. 
To find out how Gerrard was doing this, the Georgetown scientists put her in a brain scanner. 
They both charge players for online multiplayer. 
Mystifying software choices, including pointless redesigns of great stock Android apps. 
Apple already offers a number of safeguards against accidental in-app purchases. 
And independent experts said that it would help grow our economy and shrink our deficits. 
And the difference comes down to this: everything in Steve Jobs' garage was basically dry. 
Second, you can now cache videos and playlists for offline playback on your phone. 
I suspect that the at least the first 3 things air, water, food could be obtained in the past. 
A belligerent three-legged alligator was stealing fish from fishermen in Florida. 
It really is, says University of Virginia law professor Anne Coughlin. 
Pureed bananas, mixed with a bit o' potato starch for the sake of holding things together. 
Since I spoke to Segura two years ago, Giant Media was acquired by Adknowledge. 
Out here on these ranches there are very few houses, very few people to catch thieves in the act. 
So, say I have a smallish glass of wine with dinner most nights of the week. 
There now are 143 men held at Guantanamo, including 84 Yemen nationals, according to the Pentagon. 
But then, a lot has changed since Ikea first started selling it to the Swedish public in 1959. 
You can do some crazy shit with satellite imagery. 
But with no middle-tier between 5GB and 1000GB, Carousel can seem expensive. 
Streaming service Saavn today announced a partnership with online retail giant Snapdeal. 
Obviously, it's tough to say how accurate this report is. 
It's really exceeded my expectations, one state legislator bragged. 
Both machines are often bundled with games. 
No Path To Citizenship: 
If you're gay or not it's irrelevant, Scouting values respect. 
During open enrollment, you decide how much of each paycheck you want to save in the account. 
IRS rules allow employers to carry over $ 500 of your money into the next year. 
This study showed that malls and supermarkets led many vendors and hawkers in Mumbai to shut down. 
The project, Canine says, also aims to the device's software as accessible as possible. 
What about another method to charge your kindle? 
That brings it below even the 46,000 listings on the sites in January of this year. 
With bundles you can make these types of changes. 
History has given us many examples of the wonderful influence exerted by unusual women. 
Oh, and if you count total platform spend as Uber's revenue, it's going to have shit GAAP margins. 
The cargo trucks criss-crossing India are brash, psychedelic folk art. 
Of course, students should take precautions, he says. 
A drought in the West has meant higher beef prices, making cattle an attractive target for thieves. 
Republican lawmakers argue that the president is overstepping his authority. 
Perhaps even $ 2 billion, or $ 3 billion if things go well. 
After searching for Torchlight II, I found that it only works with WS9 1.7.16. 
It goes for $ 30 on Ikea's website, a little more than the original. 
Bear was definitely in on-camera mode, all enthusiasm and instruction and eat this and cllimb that. 
When you're having a bad day, it's easy to self-sabotage -- like wallowing alone. 
Use these settings to help you put the important messages in the forefront and block out the noise. 
Media outlets China has spied on recently include the New York Times and Next Media. 
When most folks think of the best car brand for winter driving, Subaru immediately comes to mind. 
-LSB- Google via Gigaom -RSB- 
BJ started raising cows when he was just a teenager. 
Waiting to buy the excellent Basis Peak activity tracker until it gets smartwatch notifications? 
We have traveled a long and challenging road, Kanojia said. 
To read more and see the rest of the top 12, check out the link below. 
Fab has seen some drastic changes in its 3 years of operation. 
But let me tell you why I have come to feel so strongly about it. 
We believe that speaks to the human desire to relive treasured moments from our past, says Eric. 
Here, it's just Effie, played to perfection by Elizabeth Banks. 
In some fast-growing cities in China, for example, half the people are now overweight. 
Be warned: as is par for the course with things like this, you're moving forward at your own risk. 
Yeah, it's reckless, but for me that is what kept it fresh. 
the protesters shouted. 
And the video shows just how easy it is to sell stolen cattle. 
For proof, just look at my notification panel. 
Leather is beautiful and luxurious and natural and one of the great materials of the world. 
Once they in, I shut my gate, put everything back like it was, and I'm gone, C. Wright told me. 
You might tag it with outdoor space or cocktails or great music. 
Even if it still counts as one thing, I think 20 shots would be about it. 
This week, China hosted its first World Internet Conference in Wuzhen. 
The Toyota Mirai is an example of this remarkable progress. 
Evernote completely rewrote their Mac app just so it could be faster and more reliable. 
She figures if she makes it, they 'll want to try it. 
To refresh you: 
Both normally cost $ 400. 
So what will you find on Kaufmann Mercantile? 
What it doesn't allow for or at least, isn't meant for is piracy. 
So donate your old clothes. 
Caring for a pregnant woman with gestational diabetes cost $ 5,800 a year. 
The classic number there is 1,000 true fans, a term coined by Kevin Kelly. 
Are we a nation that accepts the cruelty of ripping children from their parents' arms? 
That indie/big-game divide isn't always the case, though. 
-LSB- Airbnb -RSB- 
Beth opens a container. 
They're all pie-in-the-sky utopian ideals. 
This was annoying. 
Apple makes money on hardware, Google and Yahoo on ads, and Amazon on ecommerce. 
Grad student Brendon Smith, who signed the bystander pledge, says it's not an either/or question. 
Waiting around for the cable guy to show up is a total pain in the butt and a huge waste of time. 
Productive people schedule their priorities -- not always their time, but always their priorities. 
In the movie, we see three subdivisions, but the CG team prepped up to five. 
This video explains how you can reach temperatures below absolute zero. 
But all of this is subject to change, she says, as the platform develops. 
She is ambitious, often far beyond her natural equipment, to attain the thing she wants. 
Right now her 23-year-old son works with her, selling purses. 
Their sizes are slightly off, but their shapes and arrangement stay true to life. 
With the screen off, it looks like a polished black slab -- both front and back. 
As my predecessor, President Bush, once put it: They are a part of American life. 
Via the PBS Newshour, here's video of Obama's 15-minute speech: 
The salary for each skill listed is an average based on those thousands of job listings. 
Solo2 Wireless packs padded cups and headband, and both are soft and comfortable for all-day use. 
This is something we are focusing on, he told TechCrunch. 
Want to play wonderful, new versions of Smash Bros., Mario Kart, and Pikmin? 
/ FLICKR UNDER A CC BY 2.0 LICENSE IMAGE HAS BEEN MODIFIED 
The one that has your favorite scotch, or makes a mean margarita, or plays the perfect music. 
A lot of the major risks have been addressed, Shkolnik says. 
-LSB- Seiki 65 4K HDTV, $ 885 after $ 100 rebate and this $ 15 off deal -RSB- 
But will they ever actually manage to become sentient and go all Terminator on us? 
They're backordered by a few months, but 36 microfiber towels for $ 14 is worth the wait. 
It also raises questions about how often do we need to be vaccinated if we can use this back-boost? 
That's not victim blaming, that's saying you weren't even a victim, she says. 
Angel investor Brad Stroh is joining the Youbetme board of directors. 
So there is substantial reorganization in the brain of the blind, Rauschecker says. 
He accepted a ` Just a Minute' challenge from BBC Breakfast the team. 
The WSJ wrote that the service would be turned on in the coming months. 
Thankfully, Wine HQ features a huge list of software compatibility. 
He says people now prefer to eat at malls. 
And their imaginations weren't limited to flying into the depths of space. 
We 've outlined in broad terms what is included in Obama's executive action. 
We already knew that the watch's Retina screen would be able to interpret the force of your finger. 
It seems Sony just can't help itself from making the same mistakes over and over. 
That game was moved to Detroit because the Metrodome roof collapsed. 
By moving her head, Gerrard could make the camera scan across a drawing. 
Jerry got turned on to BJ's case by the owner of the local cattle auction house, OKC West. 
Still, for all its potential drawbacks, Contributor could solve a lot of problems on the web today. 
Water heaters can be powered by electricity, natural gas or oil. 
BJ had no idea who took his cattle. 
Ultimately, the tussling eagles fell from the sky together and landed in a muddy ditch. 
And the vendors and hawkers are nervous about their livelihoods. 
The benefits weren't worth any signal lag that we experienced. 
And the day I sign that bill into law, the actions I take will no longer be necessary. 
Joe McKendry 
We just drove way out into the forest to a spot where Bear was flying in by helicopter. 
It came from Justin Lucas, the head of NPR's Audience and Community Relations team. 
http://indefinitelywild.gizmodo.com/whats-wrong-wi ... 
Here are some of the grosser segments which in turn, are my favorite segments. 
It's also seeing the most growth, with traffic more than doubling in the last 18 months. 
As soon as you sign up NightOwl will ask you to list a few of your favorite spots. 
Fab was once a Silicon Valley darling. 
The dual-core processor doesn't have the oomph. 
But appealing to people's ethical duty isn't a surefire way of winning over the masses. 
You can download the new app here and see a preview of the Job Market Guide here. 
Calculate how much you 've already paid, and how much you're expected to owe, then pay accordingly. 
They both let you start playing most games while they're downloading or installing. 
Now the city has agreed to take steps to help those too poor to pay. 
Armored Personnel Carrier -- you know, like a tank but on wheels and with more room inside. 
BG: I grew up on survival shows and they were always just so ... anoraky. 
But it won't be easy. 
Peter Singer is a philosopher and author, best known for his work in ethics. 
Virgin Atlantic flew 57 giant chicken frogs from London to Antigua. 
Life is an adventure, go back with cuts, scars and bruises. 
Frankly, I'm having a hard time choosing my favorite. 
Today's home screen aims to capture a bit of that with some stark contrast and intense angles. 
There is one fantastic exception to this source-material loyalty: Effie Trinket. 
We listen to our own voice when we talk -- it helps us monitor what we're saying. 
The engine is similar to the Wankel engine Mazda used for years in the RX-series sports car. 
If I open the fridge and there's not cheese there, I eat the celery. 
FEATURED IMAGE: NICOLA! 
Take this past festival season for example, Diwali. 
We don't work on battery technology ourself. 
But this approach may be too little, far too late. 
Eric is Heirloom CEO and handles the marketing end of things. 
Shoots 4K video. 
The trucks are bold expressions of individuality and repositories of masculine, laboring pride. 
It's also got the official electric motorcycle record of 215.96 mph. 
It was a natural point of focus for them, visual f/x supervisor Paul Franklin says. 
Roku is a big purple stick. 
To be clear, it doesn't support real-money betting, but rather tracking friendly bets with friends. 
Now, like you, I have attitudes about hunting. 
If you plan to enter the U.S. illegally, your chances of getting caught and sent back just went up. 
The Taptic Engine, which will supply the vibrating notifications from apps. 
A new group called Indie Hosters wants change this. 
It's a clash that has become a major pain point for news websites and other publishers. 
It's been playing with electricity since 2006 and, like Energica, started with racing. 
It means you're giving the IRS too much during the year. 
The question remains as to how viable a machine like this is. 
So to reiterate, slower, yes. 
Anyone who suggests otherwise isn't being straight with you. 
It just makes that many fewer characters people have to figure out, he told WIRED at the time. 
You can find my article here, on the website of the Flagstaff Dark-Skies Coalition. 
If you know how to pick up any programming skill quickly, you 'll be much better off. 
They add that you also want to make sure you give that payment enough time to process. 
A zoo keeper in India was arrested in connection with the disappearance of eight gecko lizards. 
And, from a health perspective, the more people drink to excess, the higher their risks. 
I have some kind of innate deep fear/repulsion against birds and especially flocks. 
For more Interstellar robot geekery, be sure to check out the whole piece at Wired. 
He now serves the Forresters with pride and has become a trusted advisor to the Lord. 
How many lives currently cut short could be extended? 
Two Cents is a new blog from Lifehacker all about personal finance. 
When you're having a bad day, your decision-making skills are hijacked, so avoid rash action. 
A book about medicine, agriculture or basic chemistry could be extremely useful. 
Mockingjay isn't perfect. 
Sony has taken some hits for still not supporting DLNA in-home media-streaming yet. 
As much as they hate ads and ad tracking, they hate paying for free stuff even more. 
First of all, what is Fire TV and how is the Fire TV Stick different? 
Music sounds distorted and unbalanced, and things can be grating at full volume. 
They could brand all their cattle so auction houses know who they belong to. 
Sounds can't travel through the vacuum of space, because there are no air molecules to vibrate. 
The question that naturally arises is, whether the women themselves are the gainers or the losers. 
As an app, you can just drop a URL into it and View Source shows you the code behind it. 
Dan Eckstein Left: Bhubaneswar to Balasore Road, India. 
OK, this is the big moment, she says, Are we worthy? 
That's not society I wan na live in, where I have to look out for what I wear. 
The azimuthal orthographic is thousands of years old. 
© 2014 Warner Bros.. 
Yeah, it's probably a good time to get the hell out. 
A week ago, the easiest place to find Cubic Ninja was in your local game shop's bargain bin. 
Still, for all its potential drawbacks, Contributor could solve a lot of problems on the web today. 
But appealing to people's ethical duty isn't a surefire way of winning over the masses. 
But all of this is subject to change, she says, as the platform develops. 
But for the first time since joining, I'm actually tempted to leave. 
What bedroom items or upgrades do you suggest for making over a bedroom? 
Not just because it's part of my job, but because I'm a music nut and I want to use the best. 
And as if the colugo's flappy skin weren't bizarre enough, its teeth are shaped like little combs. 
And the day I sign that bill into law, the actions I take will no longer be necessary. 
The flight lab will be a very good nurturing ground for actually developing the flying robots. 
The massively multiplayer Final Fantasy XIV: A Realm Reborn is available for PS4, not Xbox One. 
But which revenue number is it, $ 1.5 billion to $ 2 billion, or $ 10 billion? 
Bringing something with knowledge would be extremely useful. 
We're not looking to manufacture engines, says company president Alexander Shkolnik. 
It also raises questions about how often do we need to be vaccinated if we can use this back-boost? 
Goldberg maintains his CEO title in both Fab and Hem at this time. 
People who own a PlayStation Vita can use it to Remote Play any game running on their PS4. 
Then, moving from the center to the edge, push the snow into the cleared area. 
-LSB- WSJ via BLDG BLOG -RSB- 
People go, Oh, Baden Powell, he wouldn't recognize Scouts today. 
He's now shifted all focus to Hem and has moved to Berlin to manage everything there. 
If the woman is drunk ... she's intoxicated, it must mean she's consenting, she wasn't raped. 
Shutterstock pays a 30 percent royalty for every clip purchased. 
Carousel is all about combining photos on your device with all the ones you store up in Dropbox. 
The potential is now really being only discovered, he added. 
By default, bundles appear as messages arrive, which often causes more clutter than necessary. 
Guillebeau explains that this is a foolish request for productivity-focused individuals: 
Since 2001, Finlay has been an Independent Crossbench Peer in the House of Lords. 
In some states, contributions made to a 529 college savings plan is also tax-deductible. 
Bear Grylls: I wish I had a dollar for every time I 've been offered pee in a bar. 
Each city is growing rapidly, and each has tremendous inequality. 
In the future, the researchers say, it might be possible to exploit this to design better vaccines. 
In the future, the researchers say, it might be possible to exploit this to design better vaccines. 
They're backordered by a few months, but 36 microfiber towels for $ 14 is worth the wait. 
This will make it much less difficult to read the watch's tiny text. 
They also confessed to taking BJ's six cows. 
Taking seven months to launch an incomplete web version with no editing won't cut it. 
Now here's the thing: we expect people who live in this country to play by the rules. 
$ 2 a month gets you 100GB on Google Drive. 
Advertising for the drinks on Spanish-language TV also increased by 44 percent. 
It could use a little more horseradish, but who am I to quibble. 
The CIA stands by its new plan for managing email. 
Apparently, hedge funds are willing to buy this kind of data in troves. 
I got an error message after I hadn't been using my phone, pulled it out, and took five photos. 
Her soup looks good: We have potato leek, vegetable beef, crab and chicken noodle. 
If you're trying to install popular software, you 'll usually find a guide for doing so on Wine HQ. 
But his life in America began as an outsider immigrant from Germany. 
Four of your five top knife brands are sharply discounted on Amazon right now. 
Four of your five top knife brands are sharply discounted on Amazon right now. 
However, we schedule what's important to us. 
The newest version is WS9 1.7.29. 
Favre was sidelined by shoulder and hand issues. 
Accounting, ya know, for the whole AI thing. 
Getting a big tax refund sounds like a good thing. 
So is this the long sought after web model or will we all continue just ignoring ads as usual? 
Well, what if I just want it for washing purposes? 
Maybe this book -- The Knowledge: How to Rebuild Our World From Scratch would be useful. 
I keep thinking of this io9 post with an interesting question. 
These vendors and hawkers are not happy that the retail giant plans to open 50 more stores. 
Sahni, 42, says he has no problems with Wal-Mart per se. 
In March, the WSJ had a similar report of an ad-supported video service. 
We 've written about how you can reform your budget by organizing your focus on four areas: 
But today, our immigration system is broken, and everybody knows it. 
-LSB- Seiki 65 4K HDTV, $ 885 after $ 100 rebate and this $ 15 off deal -RSB- 
If a driver is from the north, his good luck garlands may include chiles and limes. 
Tesla had a complicated relationship with women throughout his life. 
Whether you're camping out in a city park or going to a climbing wall, you can do these things. 
Flywheel was founded in 2009 as a backend management system for taxi companies. 
But please don't let it affect our livelihoods. 
PS4 vs. Xbox One? 
The good news is Mitsubishi has some affordable options in the way of the Evo's relatives. 
They both support cross-game voice chat for parties of up to eight people. 
Instead, allow yourself a set amount of time to wallow, be angry, or be sad, and then move on. 
Unlike an alert pushed to a device, Glances are accessed at the wearer's discretion, says Apple. 
Anyway, a portion of the proceeds will go to either NPR or our local NPR station. 
When I saw it, I was like ` What the hell does that mean?' 
The fourth is composed of just 97 letters, but its brevity belies its strength. 
The fourth is composed of just 97 letters, but its brevity belies its strength. 
The Graduate is probably his best-known film, but he also helmed Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf? 
By focusing on mobile, TheLadders allows you to take action right away in those situations. 
Gradually, they learned to associate a specific pattern of sound interplay with a specific contour. 
Don't make the Lord of the Rings joke. 
The dual-core processor doesn't have the oomph. 
Once you 've got it, go ahead and drag the file to your Applications folder and launch it. 
The limit is $ 5,500 for 2014 $ 6,500 if you're age 50 or older. 
China's regulations against online pornography have been particularly severe. 
Did you think of that, Toyota? 
Unfortunately, Torchlight II doesn't have a very good page on Wine HQ. 
Youbetme says it launched the app in January. 
A $ 99 annual Amazon Prime subscription gives you unlimited photo storage plus a whole lot else. 
After all, Sanborn has other errors in his sculpture, both intentional and unintentional. 
After all, Sanborn has other errors in his sculpture, both intentional and unintentional. 
De Jong and Ozoux aren't the only ones trying to make running a personal web server easier. 
De Jong and Ozoux aren't the only ones trying to make running a personal web server easier. 
It took me eons to convince her to put it all in Dropbox. 
It's a clash that has become a major pain point for news websites and other publishers. 
Behind the fourth wall, Bear's shows are necessarily a lot less devil-may-care than they look. 
-LSB- TechCrunch -RSB- 
In other words, most map projections show you so much that they lose their perspective. 
So I went a bit overboard with my preparation, but more on that in another article. 
Today people -- Ph.Ds -- spend most of their time moving tiny amounts of liquid by hand, he says. 
Minor spoilers ahead. 
Only his CIA colleagues knew of his success, however, because the agency didn't publicize it. 
Only his CIA colleagues knew of his success, however, because the agency didn't publicize it. 
In short, reducing risk and improving the reliability of our massive industrial systems. 
In short, reducing risk and improving the reliability of our massive industrial systems. 
Why give away the leverage that spending bills give you every time they expire? 
He also serves as editor-in-chief of the journal, Theoretical Medicine and Bioethics. 
Wayfarer is a new blog from Lifehacker all about better travel. 
Cross-game chat was previously something the Xbox 360 could do that the PS3 couldn't. 
You have a couple of options for figuring out which settings you need to alter. 
I hoped people would want to join us, but I wasn't sure, he says. 
He escaped Nazi Germany at age 9 to come to the U.S., and is a distant relative of Albert Einstein. 
The big difference, however, is that NightOwl has various levels of privacy on each tag. 
The organization expects the regulations to be effective within the first half of next year. 
As always, I thank you for reading Beyond Apollo. 
As always, I thank you for reading Beyond Apollo. 
Then I go out on Saturday night and have a cocktail and a beer, or maybe more wine. 
Unlike other kinds of engineering, the essential materials of biotech are both wet and alive. 
Personally I know if there's cheese in the fridge, I eat it, Dobbs says. 
Varda says that will change eventually, but the two projects clearly have different priorities. 
Varda says that will change eventually, but the two projects clearly have different priorities. 
Underwriters of the sale may purchase 1,554,075 shares as well inside of a 30 day period. 
But, sitting around the campfire, I did convince him to talk about himself a little bit. 
Turns out things aren't that much better with 8.1.1. 
You can find my article here, on the website of the Flagstaff Dark Skies Coalition. 
The very first thing for us is giving people the ability to email a protocol, he says. 
If you're a huge Halo fan, then of course, get the Xbox One. 
The latest challenge to Flagstaff's dark skies is well described here. 
The latest challenge to Flagstaff's dark skies is well described here. 
It's also got the official electric motorcycle record of 215.96 mph. 
Colugos may be brushing their hair with combs built right into their faces. 
That means Dropbox will have to win with convenience, which it does well with, and added-value. 
In any case, if you're not used to Amazon's excellent voice search, you won't miss it. 
In any case, if you're not used to Amazon's excellent voice search, you won't miss it. 
But companies like Lightning and Tesla are showing that electric vehicles need not be boring. 
But companies like Lightning and Tesla are showing that electric vehicles need not be boring. 
-LSB- Zwipes Microfiber Cleaning Cloths 36-Pack Assorted Colors, $ 14 -RSB- 
-LSB- Zwipes Microfiber Cleaning Cloths 36-Pack Assorted Colors, $ 14 -RSB- 
Mikan is an app to help users studying English to quickly boost their vocabulary. 
It's been playing with electricity since 2006 and, like Energica, started with racing. 
On Sept. 9, BJ Holloway's life savings were stolen. 
Georgia took three prisoners from Guantanamo in 2010. 
They want to show that the new GOP majority can return the fiscal ship of state to an even keel. 
What good is a job search site or app when you're not looking for a job? 
You could sit freely for 27 kroner, which by today's conversion rates would work out to about $ 3. 
Just think of all the useful work you could accomplish with this. 
Now we just have to figure out the whole hydrogen distribution part, and that's a much bigger deal. 
But their influence lay not in their determination to outdo man, or even to compete with him. 
A woman walking her dog in New Hampshire was attacked by a coyote. 
GoPro ended its last quarter with $ 237.7 million in cash and equivalents. 
If that's true, content creators should be treated like royalty. 
Really, the problem had more to do with mammals like us not being cut out for flight. 
Walking into the new Hunger Games movie, it's easy to feel a sense of anticipatory disappointment. 
Here's the process of tanning raw hide into high quality leather. 
Here's one Ikea catalog that shows a very similar design in 1959. 
http://indefinitelywild.gizmodo.com/the-best-outdo ... 
Despite our attempts to erase all traces of humanoid form from it, people look for faces. 
Aereo launched back in 2012 with a plan to change the way we watch television. 
It could almost certainly outrun any other boat of the time and you could live on it and travel. 
Her only possessions were a cross, her doll, and the frilly dress she had on. 
The 2014 401 k contribution limit is $ 17,500, or $ 23,000 if you're 50 or older. 
When you find yourself in tough times, use this exercise to conquer your mental state. 
Sleep deprivation drastically impairs our judgment. 
Mathur hopes Flywheel can be the company to help the industry do just that. 
It has long been mooted that healthcare will be among the early big data winners. 
Let's just get the way it looks out of the way right up front: the Mirai is sort of ugly. 
There is now a street legal version of that beast, the LS-218 from Lightning Motorcycles. 
There is now a street legal version of that beast, the LS-218 from Lightning Motorcycles. 
The PS4 lets users play PS3 games through the recently-launched PlayStation Now service. 
She caught up to the other kids by reading newspapers and watching PBS, and became a good student. 
These are usually Microsoft DLL files and fonts that can fix problems with your ports. 
Bankrate points out that your mortgage payments are made at the end of your occupancy period. 
Dropbox users start with a free 2GB of storage, and they get 3 more if they sign up for Carousel. 
Android/iOS: Google's new Inbox app lets you bundle messages for easy organization. 
Not only does it make a pretty classy looking world map, Hipparchus also used it to map the stars. 
Ironically enough, it's too much space in the wild that's threatening some colugo populations. 
Law enforcement officers in Michigan assisted a skunk that had gotten its head stuck in a jar. 
It just makes that many fewer characters people have to figure out, he told WIRED at the time. 
Sony's PlayStation 4 Camera $ 60 allows for some voice control of the system. 
If Uber was set to spank Twitter's top line, why would it be worth less? 
That is, of course, it we take advantage of the new technological changes available to us. 
Three slabs from the Berlin Wall sit at CIA headquarters, a gift from the German government. 
Last year, Weibo's user base fell 9 percent to 280.8 million from 308.6 million the year before. 
For them to have accomplished that between a single generation of hardware is impressive. 
Be sure to check out our App Deals post for more iOS, Android, and Mac savings. 
Be sure to check out our App Deals post for more iOS, Android, and Mac savings. 
That's the country our parents and grandparents and generations before them built for us. 
Avoid these problems by draining and flushing your water heater at least once a year. 
iOS: LoungeBuddy helps you find the best airport lounges to use during your travels. 
The book garnered a grip of positive reviews upon publication, and has a 4.5 star rating on Amazon. 
The company will sell 1,287,533 itself, while prior shareholders will sell 9,072,967. 
Premium Photo Mounts are now starting at $ 49, while Gallery Canvas Wraps are starting at $ 29. 
If you plan to enter the U.S. illegally, your chances of getting caught and sent back just went up. 
Another bite, a grin, and Beth Hansen gets the Stamberg Family Seal of Approval. 
Six cows worth about $ 10,000 were taken in the dead of the night from his land in Spencer, Okla.. 
When it comes to actually using the hardware, though, things almost always go south. 
With time, McConnell shifted to the right as the Republican Party shifted. 
This caused both the arms race escalation and the space race. 
You can keep a list of your Xbox Live friends snapped, watch a Twitch Stream snapped, and so on. 
He did not wait for Congress as he said many times he had to do. 
The other thing we need to talk about with regards to the Fire TV Stick is gameplay. 
The other thing we need to talk about with regards to the Fire TV Stick is gameplay. 
Andrew Solomon is a writer, lecturer and a professor of clinical psychology at Columbia University. 
` We are very grateful to our partners for these generous humanitarian gestures,' Sloan said. 
Users can also finally share created notes with others without having to leave the app. 
Around the sides is a solid, gently rounded aluminum chassis. 
Obviously, not all software requires this much configuration, but some of it will. 
There's meager rations, a cacophony of gunfire, and street-level espionage. 
Despite the bot's non-humanoid form, the actors focused on its screens as if they were a face. 
Despite the bot's non-humanoid form, the actors focused on its screens as if they were a face. 
Despite the bot's non-humanoid form, the actors focused on its screens as if they were a face. 
Despite the bot's non-humanoid form, the actors focused on its screens as if they were a face. 
Oh, and you don't need to be a member of TheLadders to browse the guide. 
There are good things and bad things about both machines. 
Even with a signal or gps, the thing would still have a camera and Angry Birds. 
Windows 7, about to be two generations old, only has so much life left in its support calendar. 
Neil Young recently launched a similar service that also offers high-resolution audio downloads. 
You can own it today for just $ 20, which is lightyears away from its usual $ 60 price. 
You can own it today for just $ 20, which is lightyears away from its usual $ 60 price. 
America has the Tesla electric car, Britain has ... a poop bus. 
There are lots of eating areas all around with tables and chairs. 
Courtesy NLÉ and Zoohaus/Inteligencias Colectivas and MoMA A new exhibit opens at MoMA tomorrow. 
Courtesy NLÉ and Zoohaus/Inteligencias Colectivas and MoMA A new exhibit opens at MoMA tomorrow. 
In 2009, more than 15,000 sites with pornographic content were shutdown. 
The good news is you can find numerous AWD examples well within your budget. 
Thousands of bats dropped dead from trees in Australia during a heat wave. 
You have until December 31 to contribute to your 401 k or 403 b. 
I last visited in 2000, so I expect that it has changed a great deal since then. 
I last visited in 2000, so I expect that it has changed a great deal since then. 
It is soft and comfortable to sit in and gives full rest to the whole body. 
So, Uber will see well north of $ 1 billion in total platform spend this year. 
However, for some reason Nissan is keeping the old Rogue around and calling it the Rogue Select. 
Clearly they're benefiting from the Silk Road 2 shutdown. 
If you made any financial resolutions, now is obviously a good time to review them. 
YouTube Music Key might just win me over. 
And because they couldn't glide, they couldn't keep their patagium well maintained and dry enough. 
I never thought I'd say this, but thank you Comcast. 
Police officers in England hazed 29 pilot whales with a helicopter to keep them from beaching. 
As you visit more bars, you can record your favorite spots by adding a tag for the bar. 
We expect that those who cut the line will not be unfairly rewarded. 
Even though the MSRP is $ 21,805, if you shop carefully you find ones for under $ 18,000. 
The Mirai has four separate radiators/condensers and cooling loops, in fact: 
If you're not a fan of Themer, the designer has also created instructions at the source link below. 
Mom and pop stores, hawkers and vendors remain a big part of the Indian economy. 
He said stealing three cows took about 30 minutes, and it seemed like a perfect crime. 
It's another reminder that your data are constantly on the move, whether you know it or not. 
The Archive had done a preliminary assessment of the CIA proposal, says Aftergood. 
Milk automates this entire process by applying all the available coupons to your card in one tap. 
Here's to hoping that story will finally change next time. 
Brewer points to a host of diseases that are linked to excessive alcohol use over time. 
Now imagine the challenge a publication like ScienceDaily would face if it started charging. 
Now imagine the challenge a publication like ScienceDaily would face if it started charging. 
I want to say more about this third issue, because it generates the most passion and controversy. 
Update: You can get a 48-pack for $ 15 with Subscribe & Save can cancel anytime. 
Update: You can get a 48-pack for $ 15 with Subscribe & Save can cancel anytime. 
For example, Sudan has had a night-light increase of 6.4 percent per year over the past 20 years. 
I want to work with both parties to pass a more permanent legislative solution. 
I want to work with both parties to pass a more permanent legislative solution. 
Either way: ideally, you want to pay just the right amount of taxes during the year. 
It was designed by two people whose names are synonymous with batshit insane electric motorcycles. 
It was designed by two people whose names are synonymous with batshit insane electric motorcycles. 
But just think how powerful you would be with a watch. 
I'm actually quite excited to see what the last word on the subject will be. 
This mindfulness practice has been shown to improve behavior and problem solving. 
The flu vaccine helps soften the blow, but vaccine makers are in an arms race with the virus. 
The flu vaccine helps soften the blow, but vaccine makers are in an arms race with the virus. 
We 'll prioritize, just like law enforcement does every day. 
We 'll prioritize, just like law enforcement does every day. 
After hackers disclosed the name of the game involved with the hack, however, prices skyrocketed. 
Sounds can't travel through the vacuum of space, because there are no air molecules to vibrate. 
This is an imagined view of Lagos, Nigeria, in 2050. 
This is an imagined view of Lagos, Nigeria, in 2050. 
As OpenTrons' creators point out, the process isn't just boring but also error-prone. 
For a person diagnosed with diabetes, the average economic burden was $ 10,970 a year. 
It was like being in an episode of Man vs Wild, just without the quick edits. 
And as the cost of development has gone down, the amount of innovation has skyrocketed. 
Both machines support a variety of media-streaming apps. 
In Virginia, a Cooper's hawk flew into a Michael's craft store where it killed and ate a songbird. 
It's a huge bottleneck for research. 
In my state, we're seeing minorities now voting Republican. 
de Jong hopes Indie Hosters can give these new applications a better chance of succeeding. 
de Jong hopes Indie Hosters can give these new applications a better chance of succeeding. 
Famed turntable brand Technics plans to launch a high-resolution music download service. 
No longer can business think in terms of 10% improvement. 
Many lounges have free access, especially if you use tricks or social engineering to get in. 
Then they repeated the exercise with delayed feedback of 150, 200 and 250 milliseconds. 
All major games from Ubisoft, Activision and Take Two have come to both consoles. 
One key to discussing the software needs of the IIoT is to include asset performance diagnostics. 
One key to discussing the software needs of the IIoT is to include asset performance diagnostics. 
The structures are all there because nature has put them there. 
Called Pono, the service complements Young's PonoPlayer, a portable FLAC player. 
Mobile quiz app Match is an educational tool disguised as a game. 
They may also respond to interventions such as increased alcohol taxes to drink less. 
Yes, throughout life everybody has to do what they can to protect themselves. 
No Asphalt 8: Airborne and no Dead Trigger 2. 
No Asphalt 8: Airborne and no Dead Trigger 2. 
Sign up for this IFTTT recipe to get a digest of all our posts sent to your email every afternoon. 
Sign up for this IFTTT recipe to get a digest of all our posts sent to your email every afternoon. 
They could put RFID tags in the cows so they could always know where they are. 
Even in the 1950s, neighboring Denmark had enviable furniture chops. 
I want my son and daughter to get good training for good jobs, says Sudha. 
That creates a paradox for new applications looking to gain traction among the non-geek set. 
That creates a paradox for new applications looking to gain traction among the non-geek set. 
Ars Technica took a look at the numbers and found some disappointing results. 
In addition, Flagstaff's science institutions support local science and technology education. 
In addition, Flagstaff's science institutions support local science and technology education. 
BG: Nothing inspires people more than reckless acts of courage. 
As for BJ, he's unlikely to get his cows back. 
And these were people with health insurance. 
Flipping through the UI is also little bit laggier on the Stick. 
Flipping through the UI is also little bit laggier on the Stick. 
The update is rolling out first to locations in the UK, then the US and other parts of the world. 
Now the Kryptos sleuths just have to unscramble the remaining 86 characters to find out. 
Now the Kryptos sleuths just have to unscramble the remaining 86 characters to find out. 
Immigrants covered under this program will receive valid Social Security numbers. 
Simple values like the wild rewards commitment. 
It is not a retailer but a membership-based wholesale store called Best Price Modern Wholesale. 
Our history and the facts show that immigrants are a net plus for our economy and our society. 
In the crowded, dirty jail, she says, she was despondent. 
Unfortunately, nothing's been done to solve one of the original criticism of Carousel: the price. 
They said all you have to do is walk into the pasture with some food in a bucket. 
West Virginia had the highest rate of people diagnosed with diabetes, at 10 percent. 
New data published by Business Insider helps put Uber's revenue into perspective. 
They all use variations on the same discovery and recommendation systems. 
She works at the Velindre Cancer Centre, covering South East Wales when clinically on call. 
Combining them, according to Aereo, holds up under an earlier precedent set by Cablevision. 
Next, lift and throw the snow out of the area. 
That's because one of the agencies listed was the CIA. 
Flagstaff was designated world's first International Dark-Sky City in 2001. 
If foreign companies stamp on our businesses, where will we go? 
You can Snap a TV signal from your cable box, if your cable box is plugged into your Xbox One. 
Now, we think you should make the leap, especially if you're a console-only gamer. 
That wide range depends largely on location and classification. 
We can look at how nature solves some of those challenges. 
All of which is why they were happy to award the winning prize and 1,000,000 yen to the startup. 
Sometimes, everything you open instantly crashes, and you have to restart the phone. 
That was smart advice, so we went and shot the pilot for Man vs Wild and it never felt like TV. 
Our bodies have a natural inclination to want to horde energy when we have it available. 
How could you charge a Kindle? 
Maybe you should just add a trip to your Wish List in the hope someone buys it for you. 
By adding tags, you're creating your own personalized lists for various bars. 
All of that has made Evolution the go-to haven for drug dealers fleeing the Silk Road 2. 
Families who enter our country the right way and play by the rules watch others flout the rules. 
The findings are based on survey data from the National Survey on Drug Use and Health. 
Hydrogen fuel cells are a cool technology that were perfected to enable humans to go to the moon. 
TurboTax points out that you can also do this with property tax payments and tuition. 
Oklahoma Sen. Tom Coburn took it a step further, warning of a political and social firestorm. 
In fairness, though, it's the arthropods and bacteria who really rule the world, not us mammals. 
Uber and GrabTaxi both released positive statements when contacted. 
So, I turned to Google and found IAM SysAdmin's post on getting it to work. 
At 9 a.m., there's quite a line at the all-you-can-eat $ 7 breakfast buffet. 
It has just two moving parts: a rotor and a shaft to transfer power from the engine. 
By 21, you 'll be getting there. 
Then, the sinkhole appeared, proving just how unstable the ground is. 
Of course, you can also use the money on doctor's visits and more obvious medical expenses. 
According to Google, the $ 1 to $ 3 users pay essentially covers the cost of that ad space. 
According to Google, the $ 1 to $ 3 users pay essentially covers the cost of that ad space. 
It smells great and the salad fixings are so fresh they sparkle. 
YouTube user iScaper1 walks you through the process in the video above. 
In China, a panda was attacked by a pack of martens and needed more than 100 stitches. 
As a society, we 've become terrified of failure, but you can't grow without risking it. 
But if your stuff was taken, they'd also call it a crime, and go after the thief. 
For normal spies and cybercriminals, ordinary rootkits work just fine. 
However, those that live by the shotgun might die by the arrow. 
This can cause your pipes to corrode and lead to plumbing issues down the road. 
Wonderfully, the company is now plucking classics from its archives to sell in some stores. 
Looking at the spread truly makes you appreciate the intricacy of such complex devices. 
Another 86 million, or 37 percent of adults, have prediabetes, which is more common as people age. 
My thing was always, Listen, shoelace, dead squirrel and no other way down this rock face. 
Both let you stream lots of different media. 
For Bill Irwin, the voice behind the robot TARS, playing a robot was no piece of cake either. 
That seems to be one thing they 've solved because this thing absolutely screams. 
We do that already but it will leverage the capabilities we have already now. 
You throw yourself wholeheartedly into it and smile when it's raining. 
And efforts to keep them in captivity have largely been for naught. 
You got ta have your starch. 
The university police's safety tips were updated, and the wolves reference was removed. 
The only problem is that custom ASIC development is a frustrating and time-consuming process. 
As much as they hate ads and ad tracking, they hate paying for free stuff even more. 
You are going back in time to the year 1234 AD to a location somewhere in Europe. 
What sleuths had until then deciphered to say ID by rows was actually supposed to say layer two. 
What sleuths had until then deciphered to say ID by rows was actually supposed to say layer two. 
At least, Amazon's jumping the gun with Black Friday deals starting Friday, November 21. 
During sleep, the brain locks in existing memories and can even form new ones. 
The design of firearms tend to be a hybrid of high-technology and human-centered elements. 
I 've never felt a compelling reason to leave my original Spotify subscription behind. 
Saving to Invest suggests doing this especially if you have other variable income: 
Whatever the situation, you know you need to turn it around as soon as possible. 
Equally damaging was the way in which the NHS persisted in ignoring this climate of apprehension. 
Think of it sort of like jailbreaking an iPhone. 
How big, of course, is the real question. 
That means eight or more drinks per week for women, and 15 or more drinks a week for men. 
Anyone who's ever walked the streets of New York City has felt the movement and energy of the city. 
In this matriarchal empire which will be established the female rules. 
There's precedent in Australia, where macadamia nut shells are generating power. 
Nikola Tesla is celebrated as a genius who had an amazing ability to envision the future. 
We're not going to tell you which one is better, because, frankly, it's an unresolvable debate. 
They work hard, often in tough, low-paying jobs. 
It won't be easy to compete. 
There's action, a smart script, and nearly two solid hours of Jennifer Lawrence. 
The trucks are drivers' homes for weeks at a time while they haul goods all over the country. 
Wovn is a service that aims to make more websites accessible to a global audience. 
Slovakia has taken a total of eight men from Guantanamo. 
You could load hundreds of useful books and just keep using the thing. 
Currently, there are a handful of notable exclusives that are on one console and not its rival. 
Many now last over 100 days -- and some even up to 130 days. 
I said no three times, part of which was confidence because I didn't really understand that world. 
Please let me know the terms under which you would allow this. 
At the very least, you're almost certainly voiding any warranty on your device. 
Rather than razing these for high-rises, architects propose validating them. 
Rather than razing these for high-rises, architects propose validating them. 
Rather than razing these for high-rises, architects propose validating them. 
Rather than razing these for high-rises, architects propose validating them. 
Performance | Tars's dialog wasn't dubbed after the fact -- Irwin recorded it live. 
So maybe, after reading all of this and weighing the pros and cons you just ask your friends. 
` We appreciate the strong support we are receiving from our friends and allies around the globe.' 
Rutkowska manipulated virtualization into a mind-contorting weapon called a Blue Pill attack. 
D’Aiguilon was obsessed with the behavior of light. 
He now serves the Forresters with pride and has become a trusted advisor to the Lord. 
You're no longer eating protein and vegetables, but edible art on a plate. 
The question remains as to how viable a machine like this is. 
Investors in the round included SierraMaya360, DVG, and Abingdon Capital. 
They're full of activity feeds and support for chat and messaging. 
Also, call me shallow, but Fire TV Stick is just better looking than its HDMI cronies. 
Also, call me shallow, but Fire TV Stick is just better looking than its HDMI cronies. 
Sign up for your free session at MelodyWilding.com and follow her on Twitter @MelodyWilding. 
Once you 've got them in the pen -- you back up your livestock trailer and chase the cows inside. 
This is a bona fide AirPlay speaker for the price of a fairly cheap Bluetooth alternative. 
This is a bona fide AirPlay speaker for the price of a fairly cheap Bluetooth alternative. 
What better way to do this than with some type of vehicle. 
I signed up for Spotify three years ago, the day the service launched in the United States. 
Then, after that, we're gon na get a little bit of bacon, he says. 
And you have to fill and mail them out before Jan 31st, so you should order them soon. 
In short, everything one might expect in a song about a post-apocalyptic wasteland. 
Major game releases cost $ 60 each on both consoles. 
x The information was gathered and transmitted undergruund to an unknown location. 
x The information was gathered and transmitted undergruund to an unknown location. 
The Kindle product page lists the device as having a battery life of weeks. 
Personality | You could describe TARS as the film's comic relief. 
However, the Renegade is not due to hit showrooms until sometime early 2015. 
The ruling forces Assange to remain inside the embassy or risk arrest and extradition to Sweden. 
The concept is a bit like tapping your way along a wall to find a stud behind the plaster. 
Karakatsanis says the agreement in Montgomery could show a way to do court reform in Ferguson. 
They don't have 15 minutes on their lunch break to have a quick call. 
But the IIoT can and will be different -- if we keep our collective eyes on the prize. 
But the IIoT can and will be different -- if we keep our collective eyes on the prize. 
A thought becomes simply a thought ; an emotion just an emotion. 
If the trial goes well, the company will launch the service to all of its users in 2015. 
Today it's called EKENÄSET, and it's just as stylish as it was almost 70 years ago. 
It's not broadly available to just anyone looking to sell. 
You know we have no terms, to tell you the truth, Miss Hansen. 
If you had to guess what an iPad Air 2 decked out in 24K gold looked like, what would you say? 
Flickr also previously launched a photo book service, again for personal photos. 
I suspect that's not good enough but it's better than the battery life of an iPad. 
At this point I am in need of Beth Hansen's Soup and Salad. 
We'd also accept kind of like grandpa's wristwatch 
Just how Evolution managed those speeds despite running on Tor itself isn't clear. 
And they are not required to carry health insurance under the ACA's individual mandate. 
That is a huge number, certainly. 
With trembling hands I made a tiny breach in the upper left-hand corner. 
With trembling hands I made a tiny breach in the upper left-hand corner. 
Eventually, I could identify a face by listening to those sounds, Gerrard says. 
Microsoft is currently running a holiday promotion that drops the Xbox One down further to $ 350. 
We stand on the verge of an even greater breakthrough on a global scale. 
And our own Melanie Pinola has also written about the most common ways we waste money. 
To sign-up for Sandstorm, you need to use either a Google Account or GitHub account. 
To sign-up for Sandstorm, you need to use either a Google Account or GitHub account. 
That problem doesn't exist, Mathur says. 
Even before the prime-time speech, congressional leaders were fired up about the president's plan. 
Before you can install software, though, you 'll need to mess around with some options. 
But if you don't pay adequate wages, you undermine the very thing that produces that value. 
Browse the full Absurd Creature of the Week archive here. 
That would put its own revenue in the mid hundreds of millions. 
The fact that TheLadders built this specifically for mobile could also be key. 
Over the years, he kept doing that, breeding the cows and selling off the little ones. 
It works much like Sam's Club, only the members have to be businesses themselves. 
And so, almost three years later, we 've reached the end of the road. 
However the HR-V and CX-3 won't be available for some time. 
Acceleration is decent, and sure, it's heavy, but not so much that it actually feels ponderous. 
You can reconfigure any settings or mess around with different options if you need to. 
With an accurate time piece you can determine your longitude latitude is much easier to determine. 
The first place you should check is Wine HQ. 
That's 48 percent higher than the same benchmark in 2007 ; not a healthy trend. 
In sighted people, the fusiform face area is connected to the brain's visual system, he says. 
At the end of the day, I think that motivates us to build even better products. 
Recommended for those who want something extra in terms of style and quality. 
In fact, you almost wonder why the company is raising new capital for itself at all. 
So robots that can move in air, on ground, in water, in complex environments, in forests. 
Keep in mind, though, this only works with your January payment. 
If you head up to the International Space Station, your view is increased to 1,250 miles. 
But the vast majority of new-gen games run on both consoles. 
Now people are packing on the pounds all over the planet. 
And most importantly, Carousel is now viewable from the web. 
She wants to be a travel writer, so we're going to have her contribute to IndefinitelyWild. 
The Xbox One has no Major League Baseball games. 
I wrote about Flagstaff's long and successful battle to keep its skies dark. 
I wrote about Flagstaff's long and successful battle to keep its skies dark. 
Apple's previous-gen iPad Air is seeing some nice $ 80 - $ 85 discounts today on Best Buy. 
Apple's previous-gen iPad Air is seeing some nice $ 80 - $ 85 discounts today on Best Buy. 
There are a billion WineTricks to choose from, but you 'll find guides for installing them here. 
For me, that is the most important Batman ; it's the Batman that will help shape the future. 
Diabetes costs the United States $ 322 billion a year, or $ 1,000 for each American. 
First, the scientists had Gerrard learn to use a special headset fitted with a small camera. 
Accomplishing it will boost your sense of self-control and morale. 
They largely run the same games. 
Bear likes to talk about his family, their home in Wales and his favorite new hobby -- parasailing. 
Dyson is spending big on new products and product categories, the company announced today. 
And perhaps ... send a protagonist on an exciting journey to achieve a thing? 
And perhaps ... send a protagonist on an exciting journey to achieve a thing? 
Unsurprisingly, these changes are happening fastest in the developing world. 
And they 'll do so for quite some time, for their young are born highly underdeveloped. 
Looking at the year-over-year performance by quarter, that seems like good news. 
Your wrapper is now created. 
Being truly productive is about more than just getting the things you need done each day. 
The proposed framework isn't likely to cause much chaos for these companies. 
Under the CIA's proposed policy, Snowden's old emails would have been destroyed. 
And as lines or curves came into the camera's view, those sounds would change. 
Preliminary data suggests that the little spacecraft is sitting on a lot of water ice. 
Preliminary data suggests that the little spacecraft is sitting on a lot of water ice. 
Accept it, and pull your mind back to what the person is saying, listen actively, and have fun. 
My ties to Spotify are so deep that I never really though it would be a question. 
We're going to live blog it here, so hit refresh to see the latest. 
Flexible Spending Accounts FSAs let you save pre-tax dollars for qualifying medical expenses. 
Well, people still buy music when they can also get it for free I have a premium Spotify account. 
Jerry watched surveillance video of C. Wright making the drop. 
Which makes you wonder why the ranchers out here don't do more to protect their cattle. 
I would prefer something on the smaller side with decent gas mileage. 
Two law firms that had been retained in the matter are no longer involved. 
It also offered app users who suffered from this issue a way to get refunded. 
It's that widespread culture of data collection that will be the toughest to overcome .1 
It's that widespread culture of data collection that will be the toughest to overcome .1 
The woman who had to bring her ashes eventually got to cancel the contract. 
Check out the full post for more suggestions. 
An electronic device would be super useful, but you have to charge it. 
The coverage is automatic and goes into effect in January ; U.S. only for now. 
Maybe this other survival book might also be useful, but damn -- that would be two books. 
Meanwhile, don't let a disagreement over a single issue be a dealbreaker on every issue. 
Whatever it is they do, I say, Go and find 20 ways of messing it up. 
And only then might we be able to disprove and put to rest Solow's Paradox. 
This is optional, so you can keep masquerading as CoolBro420 if you want to. 
Or are we a nation that values families, and works to keep them together? 
Well, not all of us are constantly having wild parties with dozens of friends for whom to make tea. 
That's the equivalent of driving a horse-drawn carriage on the freeway. 
If the tag already exists at that bar, you can simply tap on it to make it your own. 
The engine, which is 95 percent aluminum, uses a pair of counterbalancers to minimize vibration. 
Only in the small print was it made apparent that patients had a right to withhold their records. 
With this new clue provided by Sanford, let the chipping away on Kryptos begin. 
With this new clue provided by Sanford, let the chipping away on Kryptos begin. 
This isn't just about the healthy growth of young people. 
Share Play sessions are limited to an hour, but the clock can be re-started at any time. 
And thank god that face is Lawrence's. 
-LSB- Firefield 5x50 Nightfall 2 Night Vision Monocular, $ 127 -RSB- 
-LSB- Firefield 5x50 Nightfall 2 Night Vision Monocular, $ 127 -RSB- 
How would your answers change if you went to the same time but a different location? 
She has been featured on New York Magazine, FastCompany, Glamour, and more. 
It was very shocking, says LaChrista Greco, a survivor and activist who works on campus. 
The Traditional IRA is also tax-deferred, but you have until April 15 to contribute to your IRA. 
But that's not all: He also operated the hydraulics that controlled the heavy machines. 
But I was shattered to learn as an adult that this little nugget of trivia isn't quite true. 
You can always put a window of time to good use if you work for it. 
Let's start with the updated app, which is launching today. 
Gang members, not a mother who's working hard to provide for her kids. 
Gang members, not a mother who's working hard to provide for her kids. 
What's novel about ours is it allows us to work on hybrids -- so multimodal mobilities. 
When Janecka and his colleagues did a genomic analysis of the colugo, this suspicion was confirmed. 
Campuses have an obligation, Lovicott says, to advise students how to stay safe. 
Google also says that it has gotten much better at steering its balloons. 
But he's also hopeful about the most ambitious applications for biotech. 
Fur seals were raping penguins. 
Google and Facebook don't just run your email and your social network. 
Google and Facebook don't just run your email and your social network. 
Wages come out as the strongest predictor of observed quality of care, says Phillips. 
They decided that it tentatively looked OK, and they were ready to move forward on it. 
So yes, he did float the idea that a turkey might be a better bird for a national symbol. 
Our life science experts spend most of their time doing manual labor, Canine says. 
Some wore black headbands with No Wal-Mart signs. 
Heirloom is a new smartphone app that hopes to change that. 
That committee meets in Morocco on Dec. 18 for a two-day session. 
They used the earth's magnetic field. 
They used the earth's magnetic field. 
And even while Effie is turned up, the story's love triangle is blessedly turned down. 
The square in the center represents the camera's field of view. 
And web identity software such as OpenID and Mozilla Persona will soon work right out of the box. 
And web identity software such as OpenID and Mozilla Persona will soon work right out of the box. 
But the UI guidelines give us more information about why it's suited for small screens. 
Some even go a step further, erasing messages or photos when the conversation wraps. 
But that's not to say voice search doesn't work with the Fire. 
But that's not to say voice search doesn't work with the Fire. 
In fact, the company was prepared with around $ 25 million in funding from Barry Diller and others. 
And over the past six years, illegal border crossings have been cut by more than half. 
Storage is becoming commoditized because they can give it away as a loss leader. 
One of his best friends was a woman and he absolutely adored his mother. 
We were shooting rapids and chasing snakes and all that stuff. 
And here in Oklahoma, when cows are stolen, lots of times, you never find the thief. 
The White House has released two excerpts of President Obama's prime-time speech. 
The azimuthal orthographic is all about perspective. 
It was one of those things flippantly dismissed as a first-world problem. 
Jerry says C. Wright and his friend will be charged next week. 
Mathur knows that as well as anyone. 
Aereo's technology was actually built with the express intent to fall within this precedent. 
You don't have to remember as many usernames and passwords, but it's also dangerous. 
You don't have to remember as many usernames and passwords, but it's also dangerous. 
He did so in a video that looks like it was filmed in my high school TV studio. 
This was a 20th Century idea, and came into its own with the advent of the Cold War. 
Priced at $ 24 per share, the company has traded as high as $ 98.47. 
LiquidPiston claims it is two orders of magnitude smoother than a conventional engine. 
Just click the + button and choose the engine you want to use for your software port. 
So the question a lot of people have is how does Fire TV Stick stack up to Chromecast? 
So the question a lot of people have is how does Fire TV Stick stack up to Chromecast? 
Now, we 'll have to see just how much they want it. 
Now, we 'll have to see just how much they want it. 
Eventually, the animal leapt back through the window and disappeared. 
The problem is that Microsoft hasn't found many good uses for Snap. 
Unassumingly boxy and faceless, they somehow end up stealing the show. 
That's one of his real strengths. 
So if you want to reduce your taxable income in April, you should make those contributions now. 
If the president is out of line, the courts should say so. 
Charting the likely course of AI, Hannah Fry ponders the steps required to shift to sentience. 
People ask us all the time whether they should buy a new-gen console? 
Opponents say that such laws devalue human life. 
I have more affection for Batman today than I did at the start of production, Culp says. 
A new group called Indie Hosters wants change this. 
Starfish were deflating. 
Nonetheless, he suggests, the character has survived the demands of the market surprisingly well. 
Chances are, the most radical innovations in the 21st century won't be built on silicon but on DNA. 
As business blog Inc. suggests, sleep is an appointment just like any other. 
Then, I'd come in and say, It's been great, it's been a privilege, I love it, but we're done. 
What's encouraging, Jarrett says, is that people are now talking about it more. 
You can install download the zip file from here and install it by following these instructions: 
Katniss Everdeen may start revolutions, but Jennifer Lawrence could make peaceniks take up arms. 
In the first, he says that this approach is not amnesty. 
Bethencourt is also a backer of OpenTrons' Kickstarter. 
Materials | Weighing almost 200 pounds, TARS is an aluminum skeleton skinned in stainless steel. 
I'm not the emperor of the United States. 
Hey, you want to come camping with Bear? 
Every dad asks in living rooms around the world on Sunday afternoons. 
Every dad asks in living rooms around the world on Sunday afternoons. 
If you're using an older device, iOS 8 really slowed things down. 
Debtors' prisons were outlawed in the U.S. before the Civil War. 
That's really affecting people who earn a daily living selling this. 
If you don't, the messages will start appearing individually. 
This ability can be critical for merger and acquisition activity versus building new. 
This ability can be critical for merger and acquisition activity versus building new. 
Actually that would make a great ad for a journalism gig. 
They're smoking cigarettes, chewing tobacco, and listening to their music. 
Ikea called it fresh and chipper, and an ultra modern creation for present and future. 
Hiroshi Shimizu's remarks came in testimony to a Senate panel. 
She hands me a spoon. 
Force Touch interactions display the context menu if any associated with the current screen. 
Irwin is a few inches taller than TARS, which meant erasing his forehead in postproduction. 
Irwin is a few inches taller than TARS, which meant erasing his forehead in postproduction. 
No one checks any paperwork, and C. Wright doesn't have to prove he owns the cows. 
It's squirming around. 
She says she, too, has learned to hold back on what she calls commonsense advice. 
In recent months, Flickr has been making moves to better compete, however. 
The correction hasn't helped anyone solve the rest of the puzzle, however, in the subsequent years. 
The correction hasn't helped anyone solve the rest of the puzzle, however, in the subsequent years. 
The Sweethome breaks down the best gear for your kit and shows you how to use it. 
Just navigate to any page in Safari, tap the extension, and you can view the source right there. 
I imagine you'd do anything to prevent that from happening, wouldn't you? 
I imagine you'd do anything to prevent that from happening, wouldn't you? 
But this approach may be too little, far too late. 
Either way, many people find themselves having to spend their FSA money before the end of the year. 
All told, well over half of the world's population will be living in these super settlements. 
So Heirloom incorporates a more intimate network made just for loved ones. 
Those decisions are made at the state level and are not necessarily tied to federal policy. 
There was something wrong with it, the woman said, describing the animal. 
It's pretty darn neat, in theory, it's just not very ... you know, appetizing. 
I know how to climb mountains and do all that, but I wasn't a TV person. 
I felt everything was just going down the drain. 
A 400-pound tortoise named Benjamin Franklin made an appearance outside a Walmart. 
Have you ever filled your teapot up more than halfway in your life? 
Over the last decade, no country in the world managed to trim its obesity prevalence. 
Instead, they simply listened to testimony on the NSA and Bluffdale's support of the center. 
Instead, they simply listened to testimony on the NSA and Bluffdale's support of the center. 
Head over to Ars Technica for the full results. 
A similar program of warrant forgiveness is being tested in Ferguson. 
Naturally, building these would create jobs. 
We love his action-packed adventures, but we have become fans because he is one of us. 
Thank you, God bless you, and God bless this country we love. 
So in theory, regular folks can't shop there. 
Human eyes, hands, and brains just can't ensure the kind of precise consistency that a robot can. 
Throughout the guidelines, the message is simple: Less is more. 
But make sure you yell DEBUNKED as you flip over the dinner table. 
That's a pretty random email to get on a Thursday morning, and it contained no other details. 
It's not a cold adrenaline rush to the heart, but it also doesn't feel forced or flaccid. 
For a year, we 've told people to not bother with either. 
He didn't make it to France, but he did plummet a few feet away from the castle and break a leg. 
The technology makes ASIC development easy, fast, and affordable. 
It used to be a source of fun speculation, but now we know for sure. 
It used to be a source of fun speculation, but now we know for sure. 
The proposed sale of new equity would add just under $ 100 million to its accounts. 
A lot of is turned into dog food. 
A slick new PSA urges students to step in when they see a someone who may be in trouble. 
And further refinement of the prototype could, of course, bring more power. 
It's like doing things simpler is sometimes better. 
I can think of two ways -- one of which might be considered cheating. 
With the box, when you select something, say, a TV show, there's no wait. 
With the box, when you select something, say, a TV show, there's no wait. 
Time is a precious resource that you only have so much of, so use it wisely. 
The interface was laggy and app load times were dismal. 
Unlike a 401 k, if you don't use that money by the end of the year, you lose it well, some of it. 
Investopedia offers an example: 
Cattle theft has been making a major comeback. 
But compared to the adorable and little-known colugo, they got nothin'. 
For some crazy reason, you can bring one thing with you. 
Personally, I find it a shame that the Supreme Court couldn't see that. 
If the new, post-crackdown Dark Web is darker, though, it's also smaller. 
Scouts should be progressive and should be adapting. 
Right: Vijayawada to Visakhapatnam Road, India. 
Right: Vijayawada to Visakhapatnam Road, India. 
First they heard themselves with no delay. 
Speaking of camera modes, there are over a dozen, although they take the form of camera apps. 
The problem of making a viable, usable hydrogen fuel-cell car is clearly solved. 
Others carried banners that said Stop uprooting hawkers and vendors. 
Of course, this number is different depending on where you are in the globe. 
New tech is frequently mocked or feared before, ultimately, it is grudgingly accepted. 
One of the perks of becoming a grownup is you no longer have an imposed bed time. 
He also operated the hydraulics that controlled the heavy machines. 
At this point, what we 've rolled out is very much an experiment, a Google spokesperson tells us. 
At this point, what we 've rolled out is very much an experiment, a Google spokesperson tells us. 
Rather than being centered around a libertarian ideal, it's just a business. 
The aluminum skeleton and control mechanisms behind the 200-pound bot's stainless-steel skin. 
The aluminum skeleton and control mechanisms behind the 200-pound bot's stainless-steel skin. 
The aluminum skeleton and control mechanisms behind the 200-pound bot's stainless-steel skin. 
The aluminum skeleton and control mechanisms behind the 200-pound bot's stainless-steel skin. 
Relief For Others: 
You 'll see gray goops, a lot of residue, dumps of bizarre liquids and more. 
Obesity used to be an issue primarily in well-off countries. 
But now we're getting a glimpse of how that sensitivity will impact the UI. 
Throwback is now a weekly ritual across the web. 
Turning to the judiciary does seem appealing. 
It's an element to Nikola Tesla's life that many supporters would no doubt like to ignore. 
Next-generation software must help organizations take it to the next level. 
Next-generation software must help organizations take it to the next level. 
But if you're a serious gamer, you almost certainly have a console in your home. 
But if you're a serious gamer, you almost certainly have a console in your home. 
Rape cases, Coughlin says, have always been different. 
Director, comedian, and EGOT-winning badass Mike Nichols died yesterday. 
Lab robots are nothing new in biotech. 
I also get a lot of apps randomly crashing. 
BG: Just start adventuring. 
But the best reason to go with a Fire TV is if you want movies and shows from Amazon. 
But the best reason to go with a Fire TV is if you want movies and shows from Amazon. 
Gunpowder didn't appear in Europe until after 1300 so lets say it's not there. 
Enter the Fire TV Stick, Amazon's $ 40 stripped-down answer to the higher-end streaming box. 
Enter the Fire TV Stick, Amazon's $ 40 stripped-down answer to the higher-end streaming box. 
What's noteworthy is no one on the panel said: ` Hey, wait a minute, we can't do this,' he says. 
What's noteworthy is no one on the panel said: ` Hey, wait a minute, we can't do this,' he says. 
Both consoles are machines geared toward social interaction. 
It's an easy target in a habitat packed with predators. 
And the cows that C. Wright sold were the same kind of cows that were stolen from BJ. 
And the courts have agreed to hold amnesty days, when people can get arrest warrants lifted. 
If you 've seen Interstellar, then you know that the best characters are the wise-cracking robots. 
To see more notes and download the app for free, check out the link below. 
U.S. regulators want the company to issue a nationwide vehicle recall. 
But there's an even bigger cost in the loss of productivity, Dobbs says. 
Other municipalities in St. Louis County are considering similar programs. 
Amazon's offering a discount on the Kindle Fire HD 7 as well. 
Amazon's offering a discount on the Kindle Fire HD 7 as well. 
Exhaust gasses are expelled on the following upstroke, and the process begins anew. 
Next year, the company plans a contest to solicit ideas for how the engine might best be used. 
Jerry watched and waited until C. Wright's truck pulled in. 
A nice and dashing the news that the modern youth certainly become fond of. 
But he also had some weird ideas about the social issues of tomorrow. 
Scuba diving gear -- or maybe a rebreather. 
That's why, over the past six years, deportations of criminals are up 80 percent. 
With Fire TV Stick, you 'll have to be patient, but only for a second or two. 
With Fire TV Stick, you 'll have to be patient, but only for a second or two. 
So a battle between Wal-Mart and small businesses is shaping up. 
The teams were selected based on their work and methodology. 
And I began by doing what I could to secure our borders. 
Ready for another GIF keyboard for iOS 8? 
Dan Eckstein Left: Nellore to Vijayawada Road, India. 
Dan Eckstein Left: Nellore to Vijayawada Road, India. 
By that point, the extremities were like toothpicks. 
They actually make such a thing -- it's a Kindle case with a solar panel. 
It seems Sony has too much ego caught up in the game and just can't get out of its own way. 
Mass deportation would be both impossible and contrary to our character. 
Mass deportation would be both impossible and contrary to our character. 
No, really, that's what we always argue about the Bezos Universe. 
No, really, that's what we always argue about the Bezos Universe. 
Why not a nuclear powered submarine? 
To offset the taxes on capital gains, some people use capital losses. 
The company's roughly 20 percent cut of ride spend on its platform adds up to big numbers. 
The work of Flickr's licensed artists will start at $ 59 and $ 35 respectively, a 20% premium. 
The robot TARS, one of the film's main AI characters, weighed 200 pounds and cost $ 20,000. 
However, it arrived at a time before iOS 8, meaning it was a standalone experience. 
However, the official explained, What we found is, that didn't really happen. 
You can share it publicly, privately with friends, or anonymously. 
Glass back makes it a fingerprint magnet -- and a slippery one at that. 
Once they download it and redeem that code, they 'll have access to the Pro service for two months. 
National economies lose billions of dollars to medical care and missed workdays. 
National economies lose billions of dollars to medical care and missed workdays. 
That's why NightOwl is launching in NYC. 
Google is reportedly starting small to see how the new service takes hold. 
First up is the Lancer SE AWC. 
He never actually advocated this notion publicly or seriously. 
The U.K. has the potential to personalize healthcare for every NHS patient. 
So to reiterate, slower, yes. 
First of all, what is Fire TV and how is the Fire TV Stick different? 
Also, human and economic activity don't always give off light. 
Fab's been on the market for a couple months, from what we 've been hearing. 
You're buying it as a streaming system that happens to offer gameplay. 
You're buying it as a streaming system that happens to offer gameplay. 
Lightning, like Mission Motorcycles and Zero Motorcycles, is based in California. 
Lightning, like Mission Motorcycles and Zero Motorcycles, is based in California. 
Woman, herself, is really the victim instead of, as she thinks, the victor. 
But, given the right motivation, I believe it's possible that I could be like Batman. 
He says the city welcomed the chance to institute clearer procedures. 
So, I said yes, packed a bag and hopped on a plane to New Mexico. 
Batman is a unique blend of so many things, says director Brett Culp. 
Next step: figure out how to make it not immediately turn brown. 
Jeeps are rugged, off-road, 4 wheel-drive legends, right? 
As we explained in our 401 k primer, the amount you save in your account is tax-deferred. 
The intention was to make something fun and dynamic and about self rescue, not about whittling. 
When your tech is about 30 minutes away, you 'll get an alert on your phone. 
When she started school, she didn't speak any English. 
The City Council has already proposed steps to reduce the arrest warrants. 
And he insisted that men would one day be forced to submit to women. 
This way, the interest will show up on your annual statement in time. 
We 've talked about capital gains in our primer on investing and taxes. 
There are still so many places in a Windows kernel to hide traditional malware, she says. 
Yes, they have food delivery apps in Japan, too. 
We have reached out to Amazon for a comment for this story or another denial. 
Google also says it has developed new equipment to inflate its balloons. 
They 've got mostly the same third-party games. 
Impressive, but what does it really mean to have all these devices connected to the internet? 
Impressive, but what does it really mean to have all these devices connected to the internet? 
That's the legacy we must leave for those who are yet to come. 
Chromecast has a big butt and a Chrome logo tacked on. 
Chromecast has a big butt and a Chrome logo tacked on. 
Now we're getting more of a sense of why that 'll be so useful. 
They're going to take whichever mode gets them the transportation the fastest. 
This Sunbeam stand mixer has solid reviews, and is only $ 62 right now. 
This Sunbeam stand mixer has solid reviews, and is only $ 62 right now. 
But if you think you're up to the task, Steven is sharing the source code here. 
It's kept us youthful, dynamic, and entrepreneurial. 
It also has appearances from fans and academics explaining the appeal of the millionaire hero. 
Nevertheless, the PS4 and Xbox One are not identical, so we 've got some comparing to do. 
But once again, the flaws are simply too sizable and numerous to recommend it in good conscience. 
The LS-218's defining distinction is its utterly absurd top speed. 
The LS-218's defining distinction is its utterly absurd top speed. 
Technically, the Mirai is a very interesting car. 
One of the biggest differences between the consoles should be that the Xbox One has an HDMI-in. 
Really, textbook survival says stay still, don't take any chances, wait for rescue. 
If your answer was ridiculously kitschy -- congratulations! 
To be fair, this type of local urban planning is already underway in New York. 
To be fair, this type of local urban planning is already underway in New York. 
To be fair, this type of local urban planning is already underway in New York. 
To be fair, this type of local urban planning is already underway in New York. 
Delmarva native Mark Weaver is fixing himself a plate. 
It can run on diesel fuel or spark-fired gasoline like the engine in your car. 
It's like T-1000 ` s dopey little brother. 
Lee grits his teeth into smile and spins the issue, saying There's a really high bar. 
Warning potential victims should be part of the solution, she says, but only part. 
Saavn's position isn't that much different. 
So long, Aereo: it was great while it lasted. 
You know how modern youth can be. 
The drone lab's visibility is absolutely intentional, says Kovac. 
Like a 401 k, you can deduct the savings from your taxable income. 
Our app can take a scan even if the photo is rotated or skewed. 
A year ago, and even just six months ago, a lot of us leaned heavily toward the PS4. 
To get there, you need to benchmark your operations against your peers and competitors. 
To get there, you need to benchmark your operations against your peers and competitors. 
Beth is tall and smiling, gray hair, and friendly, if a bit nervous. 
Those things can run for quite a long time. 
So Rutkowska flipped the game, this time in favor of the defenders. 
The variety of options McConnell mentioned was left unspecified. 
And the games that are there run a little slower. 
And the games that are there run a little slower. 
Which is why he's become an unlikely hero in the so-called Men's Rights community of today. 
I think the water itself is just that, pure water. 
But resist the urge to isolate. 
They help you log in to countless other services across the net. 
They help you log in to countless other services across the net. 
Three tips are about strategically moving the snow, in rectangles: 
The colugo digestive tract, it seems, has a really, really high parasite load. 
So we don't like the notion that anyone might get a free pass to American citizenship. 
Apps use this menu to display actions relevant to the current content. 
, and photography site DPReview. 
Listen, pee sucks and I'm not one of those people that does it in my home time. 
Two years later he was back on a Lightning, and he proceeded to dust every motorcycle in the field. 
Two years later he was back on a Lightning, and he proceeded to dust every motorcycle in the field. 
He's the go-to person here for requests from listeners, for information or permissions. 
So how does VideoBlocks make money from this? 
Their hardware solution is currently available in a Dev Kit that is available for pre-order. 
This way you could go Back to the Future and get some other stuff. 
But if you visit the App Store now, that Free button now says Get. 
Unlike some fonts, San Francisco will condense or expand based on the size of the letters. 
It's something he campaigned for more aggressively than just about anyone before him. 
I suspect that many locals might consider you to be too powerful to challenge. 
Donating to charity is just a nice thing to do. 
It's about who we are as a country, and who we want to be for future generations. 
You 'll use it to access a higher level menu that displays options within each app. 
Even a seemingly harmless wake-up-on-the-wrong-side-of-the-bed morning can send you into a funk. 
It made them realize they have to modernize, he says of taxi companies. 
Scientists say they are starting to understand how that happens. 
So, I did some digging to figure out why. 
which I'm taking as a yes. 
Output increased 4.4 percent and hours worked increased 2.3 percent. 
And no one walking into this movie expects much more than that. 
This one is the island of surplus, where waste gets sent for future use. 
This one is the island of surplus, where waste gets sent for future use. 
This one is the island of surplus, where waste gets sent for future use. 
This one is the island of surplus, where waste gets sent for future use. 
In fact, having this kind of giving attitude is key to being successful. 
But when it comes to crime prevention we're not gon na stop, Lovicott says. 
It includes voice search that -- gasp! 
It includes voice search that -- gasp! 
But like every other genius of history, Tesla was imperfect. 
-- Bill Irwin, voice and operator of TARS © 2014 Warner Bros.. 
-- Bill Irwin, voice and operator of TARS © 2014 Warner Bros.. 
-- Bill Irwin, voice and operator of TARS © 2014 Warner Bros.. 
-- Bill Irwin, voice and operator of TARS © 2014 Warner Bros.. 
Called R-Urban, the services would be open-source and connected through a series of apps. 
They developed infections on their skin, perhaps from a fungus, and died. 
Everyone else can pick one up here. 
As a result, we feel pretty good about both consoles these days. 
Do what you want, but this thing will get you ... a complimentary t-shirt. 
Perhaps more important, though, is their advice to not move the same snow twice. 
Swire insisted that his statement did not amount to a change in the UK's position. 
You 'll see three options here: Install Software, Set Screen Options, and Advanced. 
As for where Philae is now, the team is still figuring it out. 
As for where Philae is now, the team is still figuring it out. 
But it's 2014, and for all intents and purposes, Aereo is the modern-day set of rabbit ears. 
Nearly three-quarters of Americans say their doctors use electronic records. 
Up top is a headphone jack yes, it's waterproof. 
GoPro has had a wild ride in the public markets since its debut. 
Yes, like the Fire TV, the Fire TV Stick plays games. 
Yes, like the Fire TV, the Fire TV Stick plays games. 
Some of the worst rates of obesity are now in the developing world. 
-LSB- We want -RSB- to horde food and to horde fat. 
Her father worked in landscaping. 
A trip with that brand's ambassador, Bear Grylls. 
Earlier this year, it announced plans to open 50 more. 
I think that's a basic human right, she says. 
Impressive, but this is still only about 5 percent of Earth's total surface at a time. 
At the same time, Indie Hosters will let you publish and build your own stuff on the web. 
At the same time, Indie Hosters will let you publish and build your own stuff on the web. 
The male is considered important only as a factor in the general scheme of the continuity of life. 
All payment information is handled through your Google account. 
This means whatever savings you make into the account you can deduct from your taxable income. 
A Watch app complements your iOS app ; it does not replace it, it says. 
So far, the recall has been restricted to high-humidity areas. 
Who knows if the new clue will prove to be any more helpful. 
Who knows if the new clue will prove to be any more helpful. 
I didn't want to do eight seasons of How To Build A Fire. 
Canine's early hopes for OpenTrons may not sound glamorous. 
Acting Like An Emperor: 
The x was supposed to signify a period or section-break at the end of a phrase. 
The x was supposed to signify a period or section-break at the end of a phrase. 
This is a massive global economic issue, says Dobbs. 
I have tried basically every possible streaming music service. 
He's been doing this work for over a decade and is the breadwinner for a family of five. 
No less than a matriarchal empire was on the horizon, he warned. 
We 've got you covered on both fronts today. 
We 've got you covered on both fronts today. 
It was really hard to choose which ones to include. 
A GIFT14 coupon code is offering a 40% discount up until Dec. 23rd. 
Both have somewhat cluttered but well-stocked online stores. 
If everything worked it 'll load up and you can start using it as if it was a Mac app. 
The latest public awareness campaign from the White House focuses on bystanders. 
The Advanced setting has a ton of options, and most of them are pretty confusing. 
It's built on Wine, an engine made for developers to help the quickly port software. 
Without risk, there can be no growth. 
You 'll find your ports in your Wineskin folder User > Applications > Wineskin. 
It is an apartment complex on the road leading to the U.S. Naval Observatory. 
It is an apartment complex on the road leading to the U.S. Naval Observatory. 
They sell any assets that have plummeted, take the hit and report the loss on their taxes. 
This video investigates that question. 
Can they collect Social Security, Medicare or other government benefits? 
That mindset has become very prevalent. 
Well, I say, I'm kinda picky about that recipe. 
Uber does have a similar service, called UberTaxi, but it's not available in every market. 
Roku is a big purple stick. 
The Xbox One and PS4 are both powerful consoles. 
Obama's move lifts the threat of deportation -- at least temporarily. 
Dropbox is willing to wait until Carousel is more complete to see it pay dividends. 
Will immigrants eligible for relief under this plan be allowed to work? 
Do I need a night vision monocular? 
Do I need a night vision monocular? 
In a conventional four-stroke reciprocating piston engine, the piston moves within a cylinder. 
That kind of time is impressive for a gasoline-powered superbike. 
That kind of time is impressive for a gasoline-powered superbike. 
I think young people are back looking at us again. 
That way, if the courts fail to do as desired, well, then that's on the courts. 
And if you get a little more serious, you can buy the Amazon-branded gamepad. 
And if you get a little more serious, you can buy the Amazon-branded gamepad. 
Take a look at the Team Fortress 2 page as an example. 
Here are a few money moves you should make before the new year. 
that has deprived Assange of his liberty for more than two years. 
At a glance, all this stuff is pretty overwhelming and hard to really understand. 
President Obama is preparing to take executive action on immigration. 
I felt like I was going to lose my kids, she says. 
Dan Eckstein Left: Jaipur to Ajmer Road, India. 
Dan Eckstein Left: Jaipur to Ajmer Road, India. 
Additional controllers for both consoles cost $ 60 each. 
After all, most of these immigrants have been here a long time. 
Watch it some time soon to celebrate the great man who directed it. 
-LSB- 4-Pack of 6-ft HDMI Cables, $ 10 -RSB- 
-LSB- 4-Pack of 6-ft HDMI Cables, $ 10 -RSB- 
They aren't battery powered, so you don't need to worry about that. 
And that no good would come of it for civilization as a whole. 
Republicans could strip away funds that would go toward Obama's plan. 
Ever since, Aereo has been looking for ways to keep the dream alive. 
One of the results to my mind is quite a pathetic one, Tesla said. 
TARS assumes a prone position during spaceflight. 
TARS assumes a prone position during spaceflight. 
In fact, it's a little surprising how the rivals have leveled off. 
There aren't many phones out there with a rap sheet as bad as that. 
A working parent like me would say these services are priceless. 
Garcia criticized Eckert's report, calling it incomplete and erroneous and appealed to FIFA. 
You can come out of the shadows and get right with the law. 
What our country needs from us right now is a common purpose -- a higher purpose. 
And after a brief trial period, that means paying for a subscription. 
How many millions could be saved by new treatments? 
Not to fight crime as a vigilante, but to do good and help other people. 
You're going to see -- hopefully not -- but you could see instances of anarchy. 
If you're a bargain shopper like me, you know it can be maddening. 
One of the biggest advancements in navigation was the invention of the watch. 
Of course, you can still turn on AdBlock and basically have the same ad-free experience. 
It is not cheap, coming in at $ 38,800. 
It is not cheap, coming in at $ 38,800. 
People have photos and videos scattered across their devices. 
It's an alternative approach. 
Snappy processor and plenty of RAM make the Z3 a speed demon. 
I have a max budget of $ 20,000 before taxes and fees. 
That's the tradition we must uphold. 
Code detectives worked to crack the puzzle following the Berlin revelation. 
Code detectives worked to crack the puzzle following the Berlin revelation. 
An engine includes a bunch of settings that can help you run software. 
It never hurts to keep some spare HDMI cables around. 
It never hurts to keep some spare HDMI cables around. 
This would probably be regarded as sometime in the Middle Ages in Europe. 
Spotify had my playlists and my playback history. 
Both paid services give you games. 
But better to watch the video than have me explain. 
When the newly elected representatives of the people take their seats, they will act. 
People will have Flywheel, Uber, Lyft and their hand in their air, he says. 
It's not something that is very established already. 
With a lot of the truck drivers there's a little bit of machismo, said Eckstein. 
They retire early or even die early. 
And how many terminal diseases could be eradicated? 
When they don't have something to do, they find something to do. 
It also runs mobile ads and ads specifically for Amazon's Kindle devices. 
I 'll let her explain the conclusions. 
It'd definitely cost more, Fisher says. 
Something that can go off road would be nice. 
The report also finds that burgeoning waistlines have a ripple effect. 
WineTricks is a script that installs basic components into your wrapper. 
You're putting all your eggs in one basket. 
You're putting all your eggs in one basket. 
In this case, it was President Obama's executive action on immigration. 
Newson made it his mission to harmonize these two types of forms. 
This is because they had imagination ok, trigonometry too. 
It isn't bad little crossover, it's just not exiting. 
Want to see your work on Lifehacker? 
Want to see your work on Lifehacker? 
The most ridiculous and mealy-mouthed are below. 
They both have Netflix and Amazon Prime. 
If you're curious, here's the fine print, according to the White House: 
BG: Yes. 
This isn't your grandfather's iTunes. 
They both have Achievement-like systems. 
Astrid was brought to America when she was four years old. 
And for men, excess is defined as 15 or more drinks a week. 
Instead, the president will say, leaving the system the way it is amounts to amnesty. 
But this inspection will be very important -- just to make sure it's the proper venue. 
It's not unlike what happened to the music industry back in the early 2000s. 
It's not unlike what happened to the music industry back in the early 2000s. 
All of those are from pre-installed software that came with this phone. 
However, if you connect Evernote to LinkedIn, you can use it for free for a year. 
We're getting the publishers on board today. 
We're getting the publishers on board today. 
My job is to execute laws that are passed. 
FACTUALLY RULES, is also acceptable. 
Or decide to get the one you want and then convince them to come along and do the same. 
Of course, you could go buy a pair of rabbit ears, cut the cord, and call it a day. 
Media requires JavaScript to play. 
Some said the president was provoking a constitutional crisis. 
Leslie's isn't just applying this strategy to his own career. 
You can play PS4 games on your Vita handheld. 
I mean, they possibly could be a victim of some kind of assault, he says. 
My actual notifications, like for email and text messages. 
A whole bunch of antibiotics would be very useful -- but is that one thing? 
People ask me, How do I succeed? 
The Xbox One can integrate with your cable box. 
If you're a cyclist, you need a patch kit. 
But we can do that only if we have some money to spare. 
I appreciate your comments and suggestions. 
I appreciate your comments and suggestions. 
It also is the second time in four years the facility has hosted a neutral site game. 
But the ranchers out here are doing their own calculation. 
I think that we are seeing a conflation of the term ` revenue' here. 
Erica hit the bear two times, the woman's fiancé told a reporter. 
Starting in January, the platform will spin get it? 
So often, they're a core part of your online identity. 
So often, they're a core part of your online identity. 
Milk works in much the same way -- but in real life. 
That catalog would be called Veranda Products. 
That catalog would be called Veranda Products. 
Disappointed with yourself? 
Nichols' personal life was as eventful as his career. 
Currently, the company only lists one video format in its list of ad units. 
It does not apply to anyone who might come to America illegally in the future. 
It does not apply to anyone who might come to America illegally in the future. 
All phones should have a physical shutter button. 
This deal does not apply to anyone who has come to this country recently, Obama says. 
Most Americans support the types of reforms I 've talked about tonight. 
Finding that special bar, on the other hand, can be a real pain in the ass. 
yes, I have a loose definition of thing 
Vladimir Putin snuggled with a koala. 
complete with trips to Fashion Week. 
That leads to rent burden and illegally subdivided apartments. 
That leads to rent burden and illegally subdivided apartments. 
That leads to rent burden and illegally subdivided apartments. 
That leads to rent burden and illegally subdivided apartments. 
But, I think he'd be proud of that. 
He would sometimes remark on women's clothing when it displeased him. 
All of that stays the same with Fire TV Stick. 
All of that stays the same with Fire TV Stick. 
Woman's discontent makes the life of the present day still more overstressed. 
Also, you could keep some anti-itch cream in there. 
I wouldn't hesitate to hang this poster on my wall. 
A Kindle ebook reader would be another option. 
A consumer preview is expected to land in January. 
Locomotion | TARS is basically a robotic Kit Kat bar. 
Now it's all about optimization and calibration. 
Aereo raised more money, and defended itself against more fire. 
The remote loses its matte finish and just feels a little more plasticky. 
The remote loses its matte finish and just feels a little more plasticky. 
I 'll grab a biscuit and I 'll make a little biscuits and gravy. 
The Spotify-Taylor Swift fallout is only the most recent example. 
The Spotify-Taylor Swift fallout is only the most recent example. 
The other point of comparison is the aforementioned Roku Stick. 
The other point of comparison is the aforementioned Roku Stick. 
Things like emulators, one-off indie games, etc.. 
Perhaps the deciding factor will ultimately be wherever your friends are. 
Like I said, better pick up this track on cassette just to be safe. 
So it wasn't the most personally challenging trip, but it was a fun one. 
Apps that are assigned to a user will be up for installation with a single click. 
When I took office, I committed to fixing this broken immigration system. 
So I said, If I do it, I don't want to brand myself as that. 
We're not putting a price limit on these, but try to keep them reasonable. 
But if you want to reap the tax benefits, you 'll want to do it soon. 
Off camera, Bear doesn't like to be in the spotlight. 
This set from 1957 was designed to cop to the Dane-bred style of the day. 
The HDMI port comes with a power cable, and an extender if you need it. 
The HDMI port comes with a power cable, and an extender if you need it. 
That's what it's about, you don't empower kids if you don't expose them to risk. 
We still not entirely sure what to do with the finding, though. 
You shake the bucket at the cows, and they come over. 
The government can let Wal-Mart and other companies do whatever they want, he says. 
In other words, you're not buying Fire TV as a console. 
In other words, you're not buying Fire TV as a console. 
People will dig in their heels as a reaction to the newness of innovation. 
And they're worried that companies like Wal-Mart will drive them out of business. 
The back boost covers our backs. 
The back boost covers our backs. 
Even as we are a nation of immigrants, we are also a nation of laws. 
But that will not make them eligible to claim retirement benefits. 
Women who consume eight or more drinks per week are considered excessive drinkers. 
All in all, the project cost around $ 2,500. 
You 'll need a decent Internet connection and a PlayStation Plus subscription for it. 
Dan Eckstein Left: Bhubaneswar to Balasore Road, India. 
The United States has the highest obesity rate in the world: 34.9 percent. 
Or maybe the experience is mundane because it is so familiar. 
That's why Force will act like a secondary layer of interactions. 
It's just a little bit clunkier than its Fire predecessor. 
It's just a little bit clunkier than its Fire predecessor. 
This design is friendly to all launchers. 
Then, all of your Enemy of the State-inspired nightmares will come true. 
That money could be better used to pay down high interest debt. 
The amount of money you can get for the stolen cows is high. 
But women weren't really going to be succeeding in this new world order, Tesla said. 
The look is supposed to emphasize the intaking of air, and it certainly does that. 
Plenty of familiar problems lie ahead of him. 
Dan Eckstein Left: Brahmapur to Bhubaneswar Road, India. 
Dan Eckstein Left: Brahmapur to Bhubaneswar Road, India. 
The result is the closest thing to the iGun we're ever likely to get. 
The only exceptions would be the CIA's top 22 officials. 
There can be no denying that the timing was unfortunate. 
They stood outside, chanting Wal-Mart, down, down! 
Waterproof up to 5 feet. 
Even without a mask and cape. 
You 'll need to make a new wrapper for each application you want to port. 
A source close to the company tells us no one really works at Fab anymore. 
Maybe a medicine bag would count as one thing. 
Evan, a former programmer at TuneIn, worked on the code. 
They will never be retrieved, they will never be reconstructed. 
You would be the king of navigation with a portable watch. 
Make them early, and you can maximize your deductions in April. 
When the Xbox One launched, it cost $ 500, $ 100 more than the PS4. 
My fellow Americans, we are and always will be a nation of immigrants. 
Sony has an Android problem. 
So once again we're left with an all too familiar story. 
We 'll see not just how it works but also the public interest level. 
We 'll see not just how it works but also the public interest level. 
But here too, the focus was less on the policy than on the unilateral process. 
But opponents say this would erase too many important documents. 
A wrapper is a set of registry files and a fake C: drive. 
Released back in April, Fire TV is Amazon's sleek streaming box. 
Released back in April, Fire TV is Amazon's sleek streaming box. 
I wrote about FSA end-of-year spending a while back at Bargaineering. 
Later C. Wright and his friend told me stealing cows is easy. 
The GOP says it was a deliberate attempt to inflate the numbers. 
I am frank to admit that I don't know, Tesla conceded. 
It literally only takes one tap on your phone for every trip you take. 
The Xbox One also has an NFL app of limited utility. 
Plus, how much ammo could you bring? 
That's not to say, of course, that Flywheel can't be successful. 
The PS4 lets you hand the controller to a friend in another zip code. 
We lost them for a while, but I think they're back. 
Yes, I 've experienced the blowback, and it's touchy, she says. 
Look at all the stories we admire, it's just the truth. 
Now let's be clear about what it isn't. 
But in blind people it appears to be wired to circuits that process sounds. 
Seriously, go bootleg it if you have to. 
They worship at our churches. 
Impressively, it's all upbeat, positive and very little of it is about him. 
Does this means I am drinking excessively? 
Some of these money-wasters are easy to overlook. 
Just look around you -- everyone has their heads down. 
But President Obama's immigration plans dominated the discussion. 
There's a big difference between the two terms. 
I am thinking of the woman's side of it. 
Maybe you could offer your services as a transportation person. 
Until then, he recommends you get your flu shot anyway. 
Until then, he recommends you get your flu shot anyway. 
Black Friday and Cyber Monday are right around the corner. 
Black Friday and Cyber Monday are right around the corner. 
Black Friday and Cyber Monday are right around the corner. 
It feels more like a space fighter than a plane from Earth. 
But some people are calling it an executive order. 
It made sense: The app is free to download, after all. 
A vote will be held December 2. 
You were asking what our terms might be, I say. 
Both offer cameras of limited utility. 
Their best guess there is to use some kind of ascorbic acid. 
Email matthew_simon@wired.com or ping me on Twitter at @mrMattSimon. 
Oh, but I might not be able to operate the thing. 
The PS4 lets you play streaming PS3 games it costs money. 
In the company's own words, it's the IKEA circle of life. 
And you just see 20 smiles go up. 
It's great, but there's more you can do with those bundles. 
Here are some suggestions on how to spend that money: 
Tesla explained that he once adored and worshipped women. 
The only downside of the Roku Stick is that it's kind of slow. 
The only downside of the Roku Stick is that it's kind of slow. 
The first way is to build a battery after you go back in time. 
You 've heard this saying, ` Content is king, ''' Holland said. 
This is a play towards the heart of large, enterprise customers. 
That's what we 've become used to since we started using TVs. 
That's what we 've become used to since we started using TVs. 
Check out their post for more detail on each of these. 
Yes, a lot of that can be attributed to the skill of the rider. 
Yes, a lot of that can be attributed to the skill of the rider. 
Just for fun, here are some other things you could consider. 
I was as vulnerable as any other user. 
It then takes a cut of that total spend, and that's its take-home revenue. 
The PS4 is slim, the Xbox One is chunky. 
And here's where things started getting weird. 
Why not in the modern living room or youth room? 
You want people to know that you live in the fucking future, people. 
An adult's head weighs about 10 to 12 pounds. 
So why bother? 
Uber has the scale to be wherever you need it whenever you need it. 
The CIA has a different plan. 
It would be your own personal library of knowledge. 
That stuff takes a whole lot of time to digest. 
And That Ends Up Costing $ 2 Trillion A Year 
Could she figure it out easily? 
Could she figure it out easily? 
Men would be killed off when they were not needed. 
To deliver the latter, its product will have to move faster. 
-- could easily play a role in this Northern drama as well. 
-- could easily play a role in this Northern drama as well. 
There's a feeling of adventure and the open road. 
Of course, that kind of speed is only useful in a straight line. 
Of course, that kind of speed is only useful in a straight line. 
We're considering a variety of options. 
Anyway, Justin says, I'm the one to give permission. 
People going to malls have made it difficult for us! 
Half the students were untrained in translation and made errors. 
There are several other criteria for alcohol dependence as well. 
The personal data that can risk score every NHS patient already exists. 
If you can't turn it around that quickly, listen to the advice sleep on it. 
But this is really just happening now. 
Face | TARS isn't supposed to have a face, but he does have screens. 
Dropbox can ill afford Carousel's failure. 
The book traces McConnell's shift to the right. 
Simon Dudley is the Video Evangelist for Lifesize. 
As the female predominates, the males are at her mercy. 
Importantly, you 'll decide when you see those glances. 
Offer IT folk new tools, and you might get their attention. 
People are already used to getting content online for free. 
People are already used to getting content online for free. 
And of course, each tag is totally searchable. 
I dropped and shattered mine. 
The Xbox One has a semi-useful thing called Snap. 
Achievements and trophies are still a thing. 
They could beef up security by putting in cameras. 
Have you ever had a hard time canceling a contract? 
They both update when they're turned off. 
Air and fuel are drawn in with a downstroke and compressed in an upstroke. 
The team built a total of eight robots for the shoot. 
The various data sources vary, so it's hardly the last word. 
That's the real amnesty -- leaving this broken system the way it is. 
You could travel to India and buy spices and bring them back. 
We have to build products people are willing to pay for. 
But I understand the disagreements held by many of you at home. 
So where does this myth come from? 
That's how we treated what Uber called revenue in the past. 
Could it instead become synonymous with domestic robotics? 
It was, in short, amazing. 
Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram. 
A baby baboon snuggled with a teddy bear. 
Moderate Drinker Or Alcoholic? 
Moderate Drinker Or Alcoholic? 
Neither feels essential to the new-gen console experience. 
This deal does not apply to anyone who has come to this country recently. 
More arrests are likely to be made, police said. 
Let me just make my own. 
In white, it makes the car look like a Stormtrooper's helmet. 
That's 48 percent more than it was just five years ago. 
Every year, the flu wreaks havoc around the world. 
Every year, the flu wreaks havoc around the world. 
24-bit tracks to users in UK and Germany. 
But I'm loading up Blippy today to give it a spin, too. 
When it comes to speed, you won't have any complaints. 
But the most recent review of the book is by far the best. 
They're both pretty beefy. 
You pay Uber for your rides. 
-LSB- SunBeam MixMaster Stand Mixer, $ 62 -RSB- 
-LSB- SunBeam MixMaster Stand Mixer, $ 62 -RSB- 
I was super skeptical about doing TV. 
There's nothing better than finding that special bar. 
Friends want you to go to a party at 10PM on a Tuesday? 
Suck it, everyone in a Guy Fawkes mask. 
Is there any real value involved? 
Is there any real value involved? 
What recourse do the president's congressional critics have? 
Over time, sediment can settle and build up inside of a water heater. 
I was fascinated by this brief remark. 
-- Neither of those two groups will be given a green card. 
The economists crunched the numbers for individual states, too. 
As has been the case for a while, Sony calls theirs Trophies. 
Contentment is absent from her life. 
This is the way they do business here in Oklahoma. 
Robot actors, man, always rusting on you. 
A Surprising Way to Feel Better About Yourself. 
This type of thinking makes sense. 
This type of thinking makes sense. 
A bot exits a landing craft on location in Iceland. 
A bot exits a landing craft on location in Iceland. 
Wait, she says chutney? 
Imperial is not the only university to zero in on drones. 
Lousy days happen to all of us. 
But at the time the company flat-out denied that this was happening. 
One thing that isn't mentioned in the guidelines? 
Epidemiologist Michael Osterholm agrees. 
Epidemiologist Michael Osterholm agrees. 
How we do that is we use the London Robotics Network. 
Uber, by contrast, is live in 46 countries and counting. 
It's very unsatisfying. 
The answer lies in a closer look at Solow's Paradox. 
They were extremely disappointed. 
It tastes fine, I thought. 
-LSB- Gen 2 Kindle Fire HD 7, $ 139 -RSB- 
-LSB- Gen 2 Kindle Fire HD 7, $ 139 -RSB- 
It's just nice to have the option. 
It's just nice to have the option. 
But what about your Aunt or your cousin or some luddite friend. 
But what about your Aunt or your cousin or some luddite friend. 
I mean, who doesn't want to have fun while also learning? 
Also, Chromecast just does not compute to some people. 
Also, Chromecast just does not compute to some people. 
They face jail time. 
Wal-Mart recognizes the importance of these stores. 
And we don't tell men to not get blackout drunk. 
Why is President Obama taking this action now? 
Me and Mark Harris from London's Sunday Times. 
Any rise in wages is unlikely to come from private pockets. 
You can also control how images are treated in the tweak. 
The camera app isn't particularly user-friendly, either. 
Now it's wading into the consumer market. 
Now it's wading into the consumer market. 
And the case of Snowden would be a perfect example of that. 
Right: Visakhapatnam to Brahmapur Road, India. 
Right: Visakhapatnam to Brahmapur Road, India. 
However, before we get to the new sums, let's rewind. 
Give to a nonprofit. 
Both controllers are similar to their predecessors. 
You know there must be many things that cause a rash. 
It was a skunk in distress, a police department spokesman explained. 
Search on Roku is universal. 
Search on Roku is universal. 
Mass amnesty would be unfair, Obama will say. 
It only takes one arrow and that's it -- you're dead. 
Lots of hugs. 
However, it's absolutely gross to make. 
Rio is well known for its favelas. 
Rio is well known for its favelas. 
Rio is well known for its favelas. 
Rio is well known for its favelas. 
And Fire TV banks on that in a beautiful way. 
And Fire TV banks on that in a beautiful way. 
Tastes horrible though, it's salty and warm. 
Polar bears were going bald. 
Take on a goal that requires a lot of willpower. 
-LSB- iHome AirPlay Speaker System for iOS, $ 50 -RSB- 
-LSB- iHome AirPlay Speaker System for iOS, $ 50 -RSB- 
Please turn on JavaScript. 
Our robot makes it so they don't have to do that. 
All we're saying is we're not going to deport you. 
All we're saying is we're not going to deport you. 
He can be reached via Twitter @simondudley. 
It then went on to list nine suggestions. 
But, Sayre says, not warning women feels wrong, too. 
Montana celebrated one year of legalized roadkill-eating. 
All this corpulence takes a huge economic toll. 
Fire TV stick is a subtle black HDMI stick. 
Fire TV stick is a subtle black HDMI stick. 
It's been this way for decades, Obama said. 
The code is valid on the silver model only. 
The code is valid on the silver model only. 
You could download a whole bunch of useful stuff. 
A PDF is embedded at the bottom of this post. 
It's too early to say. 
Thank you very much. 
Well that or we're just getting this confused today. 
So let's talk snow shoveling technique. 
Evolution is the anti-Silk Road, says DCA's Palumbo. 
This is called tax-loss harvesting. 
This is clearly part of the larger picture. 
Specifically streamlining the area of the action. 
What if your Google account gets hacked or suspended? 
What if your Google account gets hacked or suspended? 
But here's Business Insider on the December data: 
Nice to look at, nice to navigate, and simple to understand. 
Nice to look at, nice to navigate, and simple to understand. 
Wind Up Watch. 
Check out this gallery. 
Then again, nothing in Nolan's world s is what it seems. 
A small screen can only accommodate so many controls, Apple writes. 
-LSB- Truth Facts -RSB- 
And there are hugs. 
It is downright amazing for an electric motorcycle. 
It is downright amazing for an electric motorcycle. 
Right: Bhubaneswar to Balasore Road, India. 
Right: Bhubaneswar to Balasore Road, India. 
You could bring a shotgun into the past. 
That is much more close, said Kovac. 
Ultimately, that may have limited its growth. 
It's the next step for flying robots. 
People suffering from obesity often work less. 
Just double-click your newly created app to run it. 
This is where things get a little weird. 
They didn't know any more than I did. 
What part of the brain is responsible for this perception? 
They have to take more time off sick. 
It's a handshake. 
You kind of can't go wrong. 
Here are some options for vehicles. 
It's all about one thing: coming home in one piece. 
I'd like to talk about energy. 
So what's a pistonless rotary engine, you ask? 
Still wondering what exactly homebrew is? 
I was like, ` This is super victim blaming.' 
The initial free space is a great way to experience the product. 
Bitter and ad hominem final arbiter indeed. 
Not everyone needs, or can afford, a KitchenAid. 
Not everyone needs, or can afford, a KitchenAid. 
Which one do they have? 
They didn't ask permission, he says. 
What kinds of crazy shit? 
A new exhibit opens at MoMA tomorrow. 
A new exhibit opens at MoMA tomorrow. 
Some caveats apply though. 
I know the politics of this issue are tough. 
Criminals, not children. 
Criminals, not children. 
Once you 've set it up, the process works like this: 
Wal-Mart functions very differently in India. 
You need to make time for it, and there are consequences if you don't. 
It's supposed to be more of a Pepto Bismol color. 
Many of today's startups are at the heart of the action. 
You might qualify for tax breaks on certain payments. 
It's a phone I actually really want to love. 
The cast couldn't help themselves. 
They just went ahead and eliminated these records. 
The caliber of teachers is tied to their wages. 
Want your deals the old fashioned way? 
Want your deals the old fashioned way? 
, Ikea asked of its sustainable and ` fun' chair. 
But they're also very close to human intelligence and soul. 
But they're also very close to human intelligence and soul. 
But they're also very close to human intelligence and soul. 
But they're also very close to human intelligence and soul. 
It's essentially a free pass, Smith said. 
It's essentially a free pass, Smith said. 
With that out of the way, let's port some software. 
Keep it locked here for the Internet's best coverage. 
Keep it locked here for the Internet's best coverage. 
Keep it locked here for the Internet's best coverage. 
x Does Langley know about this? 
x Does Langley know about this? 
These areas are much more close. 
But man, wouldn't it be cool to own one? 
But man, wouldn't it be cool to own one? 
Perhaps the male in human society is useless. 
Nor are all rivers equally likely to flood. 
We will update when and if we hear more. 
I know some of the critics of this action call it amnesty. 
It's finally all there, but it looks like this: 
Carousel needs more before it's ready to ride. 
It's the mindset that all that really matters is the next election, the next cycle. 
Before you start, you 'll need to download Wineskin. 
The Z3 is ostensibly a phone with a lot going for it. 
A computer solar powered laptop. 
They really live to serve the mission. 
They really live to serve the mission. 
They really live to serve the mission. 
They really live to serve the mission. 
It took six weeks and about $ 20,000 to build. 
Did you ever play Maniac Mansion? 
We could go on an on. 
So they should still pump it into a tap on the dash. 
-LSB- Chef's Knives -RSB- 
-LSB- Chef's Knives -RSB- 
$ 885 for any 65 TV is exciting. 
$ 885 for any 65 TV is exciting. 
It has the most perfect ending to any movie. 
-LSB- YouTube -RSB- 
Essentially, all you're giving up is speed. 
Essentially, all you're giving up is speed. 
Her daughter is in high school. 
I guess. 
... He just has studied it very, very closely. 
The Xbox One can show two things at once. 
You can use your real name on both. 
The rest was, You 'll be doing his typical stuff. 
Pretty sure Alex won this round. 
Specifically hybrid drone research. 
Make or revisit any financial goals. 
If you're a baseball person, the PS4 is the no-brainer. 
And then, widening the hole a little, I inserted the candle and peered in. 
And then, widening the hole a little, I inserted the candle and peered in. 
Well, none of the above, I don't think. 
The other Lawrence's performance ain't so bad, either. 
| The Happiness Project 
Our interest was looking into the brain, she says. 
I'd like to talk about education. 
But, she says, it's also understandable. 
Well, free of Google ads at least. 
I stroll the aisles, searching. 
And that means he's having a very good week. 
Here's the story's first paragraph: 
But then, things like this rarely are. 
But then, things like this rarely are. 
Her mother cleaned other people's homes. 
Case in point: colugo doo-doo. 
It's $ 50 and offers a lot of the same as Amazon. 
It's $ 50 and offers a lot of the same as Amazon. 
Xbox One has DLNA support, PS4 does not. 
That will spur a real revolution in how to do business. 
Should they get an Xbox One? 
There's a very interesting back story to -LSB- the Berlin Clock -RSB-. 
There's a very interesting back story to -LSB- the Berlin Clock -RSB-. 
Just because you can, does it mean that you should? 
Just because you can, does it mean that you should? 
But Dropbox needs photos. 
This is surely only the beginning. 
Well, you need an account to access the marketplace. 
Others just want a dang remote. 
Others just want a dang remote. 
Game of Thrones is coming. 
Game of Thrones is coming. 
Or discounted, in-state tuition at public universities? 
He's powerful, yet human. 
Robots are smart and getting smarter. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
Entertainment Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation. 
Their email accounts would become permanent documents. 
The example they cite: Edward Snowden. 
In scale and ambition, the results run the gamut. 
You can't buy that in a shop. 
He subsequently conceded this was a bad idea. 
Battery life is generally solid, too. 
On paper, the it looks like a gem. 
What you hear is the actual sound of the landing. 
What you hear is the actual sound of the landing. 
Finicky camera produces inconsistent photos. 
A number of resettlements are expected in the coming weeks. 
What kind of relief is the president offering? 
Here are a few telling points. 
Uber generates lots of revenue. 
The feature is part of Evernote Premium. 
C. Wright and his friend made a calculation. 
Music while you shop? 
The crackdown intensified this year. 
Then they were all smiles. 
Up until very, very recently, there was no crime. 
That would be foolish. 
He is a master of Senate procedure. 
Ask Andrew Mason how well that went. 
So far, the company hasn't done too well in India. 
LiquidPiston calls the new engine the X Mini. 
Fire TV is my default streaming box. 
Fire TV is my default streaming box. 
Medicaid eligibility varies by state. 
Next, it's time to make some tweaks to your wrapper. 
, the 1957 catalog explained. 
Know of an animal you want me to write about? 
And for decades, we haven't done much about it. 
And for decades, we haven't done much about it. 
Revenue isn't revenue isn't revenue, however. 
A midnight snack may interfere. 
The results were almost identical. 
The wonderfully clunky interface? 
Are you angry with a client? 
Mass amnesty would be unfair. 
Take a look at your budget and your spending. 
This is the third rail. 
The Xbox One lets you suspend your games. 
A squirrel made a movie with a GoPro. 
All told, the Fire TV stick is worth it. 
All told, the Fire TV stick is worth it. 
Left: Kalamboli to Pune Road, India. 
Left: Kalamboli to Pune Road, India. 
Right: Delhi to Jaipur Road, India. 
Right: Delhi to Jaipur Road, India. 
Solar powered electric motorcycle. 
Sony claims that it has two day battery life. 
Slowly and carefully I take a taste. 
x Who knows the exact location? 
x Who knows the exact location? 
The Xperia Z3 is its latest almost-great phone. 
But that's not what these steps would do. 
Americans are tired of gridlock. 
It's an essential tool for navigating the road. 
People can not prevent their own rapes. 
I can't help myself. 
Here's what happened over the next few days. 
The web is funded by ads. 
The web is funded by ads. 
A time machine. 
You can see the spikes and declines here: 
But which one to get? 
It's so striking it doesn't even seem real. 
His topic - Breakfast. 
Do you love baseball? 
He was very firmly pro-union. 
The worst I had was from a snake skin. 
The Legal Authority: 
Bill Irwin working the bot on location in Iceland. 
Bill Irwin working the bot on location in Iceland. 
Bill Irwin working the bot on location in Iceland. 
Bill Irwin working the bot on location in Iceland. 
And there's the food stand. 
Are you a scientist studying a bizarre creature? 
So what is all this hype about? 
So what is all this hype about? 
At this price, a little bit of wait isn't unreasonable. 
At this price, a little bit of wait isn't unreasonable. 
It was a compromise, but it reflected common sense. 
Her mom warned her. 
I had to scroll down to find them. 
Funny looking, maybe, but it works. 
Support your local indie radio station. 
So I call her. 
The system has been corrupted. 
Electronic Book. 
We don't have any other demands, says Sahni. 
More useful is the new Safari extension. 
That's a boring TV show. 
I don't want it to ever be this close again. 
There aren't many exclusives on either side. 
No backorder as of now. 
No backorder as of now. 
They should: it's buried out there somewhere. 
They should: it's buried out there somewhere. 
Who is eligible for relief? 
Or, they can give you a grace period. 
The chance of getting caught is low. 
And the predominant remedy was to go to court. 
Great looking hardware. 
But the Copyright Office denied the request. 
Hell, you can even turn off the lights. 
Rutkowska's explanation? 
But do we really not have a preference? 
It's on your screen almost immediately. 
It's on your screen almost immediately. 
That would be fabulous! 
I'm throwing it out there. 
I'm throwing it out there. 
Rutkowska typically runs about 15. 
What's the sound of a spacecraft landing? 
What's the sound of a spacecraft landing? 
Productive people are never free. 
That's an opportunity, not an obstacle. 
Does a motorcycle count as one thing? 
But it provides a solid look at the trend. 
Fair point, says Lucas. 
So Windows 10 matters. 
It's been this way for decades. 
Or to make Kool-Aid? 
Or, you could save it and earn a little interest. 
If you're a criminal, you 'll be deported. 
If you're a criminal, you 'll be deported. 
A terrabyte comes free with ads on Flickr. 
The Now service is pricey. 
He's heroic, yet broken. 
Update at 8:02 p.m. ET. 
Update at 6:17 p.m. ET. 
Update at 6:06 p.m. ET. 
Update at 8:08 p.m. ET. 
Update at 7:31 p.m. ET. 
Update at 6:02 p.m. ET. 
Less than you might think. 
We are working to restore service. 
We are working to restore service. 
Next up, it's time to install a Wineskin Engine. 
Damn fine numbers, really. 
| Kinja Popular Posts 
But that was far from the end. 
We hardly sold anything. 
Because Amazon Amazon Amazon. 
Because Amazon Amazon Amazon. 
And apparently that one's coming -- eventually. 
And apparently that one's coming -- eventually. 
I really do mean no details. 
I can't pay my student loans if I do this.' 
The story has been updated to clarify. 
The story has been updated to clarify. 
In fact, he had deceived them. 
In fact, he had deceived them. 
It's a popular fun fact. 
Indeed, we would actively welcome it. 
How do they start? 
Here's what we know so far: 
Does this sound familiar? 
Oh, what about the year 1234? 
When Sen. Mitch McConnell R-Ky. 
It's also not who we are as Americans. 
Right: Kalamboli to Pune Road, India. 
Right: Kalamboli to Pune Road, India. 
Drugs -- the Useful Kind. 
But that's just one book. 
He's mysterious, yet relatable. 
-- actually works reliably. 
-- actually works reliably. 
Right now, we are not. 
I 've tried, Jindal said. 
1099s are the most common example. 
I'm in the market for a new not used car. 
Neither one is backwards compatible. 
They don't kill time -- a terrible phrase. 
Everyone ran to malls to buy stuff. 
It's comfortable and easy TV-watching. 
It's comfortable and easy TV-watching. 
That's what this debate is all about. 
Wouldn't it be nice to travel around? 
Follow us on Twitter here 
Follow us on Twitter here. 
People don't stick to one lane or another. 
A portion of the proceeds ... 
If you are, you will. 
If you are, you will. 
Something to think about. 
The giveaway is effective today. 
That's not a robot, they told him. 
Sunk boat? 
Why scarves? 
That's not a bad thing. 
That's not a bad thing. 
I hear these concerns. 
Obama did it on his own. 
What about a solar panel on your Kindle? 
-LSB- Basis Blog -RSB- 
I 'll get that for you. 
The colors are rich, too. 
Kalamboli to Pune Road, India. 
Kalamboli to Pune Road, India. 
x Layer two. 
Kinja is in read-only mode. 
Kinja is in read-only mode. 
Let me refine it just a little bit. 
There are stability issues, too. 
I started with the potatoes. 
And sleep is incredibly important: 
It costs 100 bucks. 
It costs 100 bucks. 
That's where the new marketplace comes in. 
x Can you see anything? 
x Can you see anything? 
Other notable additions include: 
Adjust for inflation, that's about $ 25. 
It's also a family business. 
says Beth. 
It's just in a different package. 
It's just in a different package. 
Some Other Ideas. 
But a real-life TARS? 
Stability issues aplenty. 
The only downside? 
The only downside? 
Here are the top five: 
Layer two. 
It costs over $ 100. 
So they commissioned a proper series. 
To this end the U.S. is leading the way. 
This was his last message. 
This was his last message. 
The device produced sounds. 
There are a few exceptions. 
Why stop at a sailboat? 
We were strangers once, too. 
The oh-so-pixely pixel art? 
Why is this platform interesting? 
Will it ever make it into production? 
The camera is finicky too. 
What about driver's licenses? 
You don't have to think! 
You don't have to think! 
But make no mistake. 
It's a little hectic, Eckstein said. 
So that's not an option. 
Then everybody wins. 
Then everybody wins. 
We think it's a more even fight. 
It should. 
People don't like to hear that. 
But not Roku Stick slow. 
But not Roku Stick slow. 
The Whole World Is Fat! 
In essence, it's a button to make the car pee. 
Well, except for bats. 
An awesome sailboat. 
She gasps. 
Not so good. 
Again, solar powered. 
They're not identical, but it's close. 
You're correct. 
We want your feedback. 
We want your feedback. 
We want your feedback. 
This is perfect, I say. 
It was totally invisible. 
It was totally invisible. 
Make no mistake. 
We have a lot of interest from industry. 
Wal-Mart, come to your senses! 
Wal-Mart, come to your senses! 
That's secondary in this market. 
How's that possible? 
How's that possible? 
A bit intimidating, right? 
Instead, click Advanced. 
They support their families. 
The data isn't perfect. 
Go get that one. 
Here's what you 'll need: 
Not bad, all told. 
The paper explains: 
Looking to get away? 
And a bike like this is all. 
And a bike like this is all. 
Don't want to spend that much? 
Don't want to spend that much? 
It reassures us. 
It reassures us. 
Absolutely. 
Absolutely. 
It blends in nicely. 
It blends in nicely. 
Felons, not families. 
Felons, not families. 
That makes me really happy. 
It wouldn't be too hard. 
The possibilities are endless. 
© 2014 Warner Bros.. 
© 2014 Warner Bros.. 
© 2014 Warner Bros.. 
© 2014 Warner Bros.. 
© 2014 Warner Bros.. 
© 2014 Warner Bros.. 
© 2014 Warner Bros.. 
© 2014 Warner Bros.. 
© 2014 Warner Bros.. 
© 2014 Warner Bros.. 
© 2014 Warner Bros.. 
© 2014 Warner Bros.. 
© 2014 Warner Bros.. 
© 2014 Warner Bros.. 
© 2014 Warner Bros.. 
© 2014 Warner Bros.. 
© 2014 Warner Bros.. 
© 2014 Warner Bros.. 
© 2014 Warner Bros.. 
© 2014 Warner Bros.. 
© 2014 Warner Bros.. 
© 2014 Warner Bros.. 
© 2014 Warner Bros.. 
Games cost the same. 
Sure, it's ugly. 
Many Americans Fall In Between 
Many Americans Fall In Between 
Immigration System Is Broken: 
Do you see what's not there? 
... You could see violence. 
Everyone knows it. 
That sounds silly, doesn't it? 
All rights reserved. 
All rights reserved. 
All rights reserved. 
All rights reserved. 
All rights reserved. 
All rights reserved. 
All rights reserved. 
All rights reserved. 
All rights reserved. 
All rights reserved. 
All rights reserved. 
All rights reserved. 
All rights reserved. 
All rights reserved. 
All rights reserved. 
All rights reserved. 
All rights reserved. 
All rights reserved. 
All rights reserved. 
All rights reserved. 
All rights reserved. 
All rights reserved. 
All rights reserved. 
All rights reserved. 
All rights reserved. 
All rights reserved. 
All rights reserved. 
All rights reserved. 
Stipulations. 
Those are the facts. 
You can navigate. 
Don't worry though. 
A year later? 
And that is undeniably true. 
-LSB- Comcast -RSB- 
and Hulu Plus. 
Let's peek inside the box. 
Of course you did. 
Where it excels is search. 
Where it excels is search. 
They're both indie-friendly. 
It has content on its side. 
It has content on its side. 
It ... moves. 
It's everything. 
What counts as excessive? 
They know they're expendable. 
They know they're expendable. 
They know they're expendable. 
They know they're expendable. 
Where is she? 
I think so. 
Think of your mom. 
Think of your mom. 
It wasn't perfect. 
For a 4K set, it's unheard of. 
For a 4K set, it's unheard of. 
This is a handy thing. 
This is a handy thing. 
It's a little pale, I say. 
It's based on trust. 
There still isn't one solution. 
I ask. 
That's crazy! 
Oh, you have? 
Great reviews too. 
Great reviews too. 
Great reviews too. 
Great reviews too. 
Worth it? 
What do you bring? 
That's maybe reasonable. 
And then my scrapple. 
It's great! 
It's great! 
That's what this deal is. 
What would you bring? 
They're coming in mid-December. 
Smart phone. 
But this was expected. 
Her prize? 
she asks. 
No more, no less. 
For evidence, see Wal-Mart. 
That is, until the end. 
So can we do it? 
Wired explains: 
Do you love EA? 
Here are five. 
That's pretty awesome. 
Have You Tried It? 
The FUTURE. 
Written Knowledge. 
She explains: 
She's right. 
The curves. 
The curves. 
They explain: 
So that's fun. 
Need ideas? 
That was war money. 
-LSB- Head Squeeze -RSB- 
Where's the clicker? 
Where's the clicker? 
And guns. 
Wouldn't this work? 
Pretty awesome. 
Passwords. 
You can hide. 
It's easy: 
PFT, DETAILS. 
Just ask Tesla. 
Nice how? 
Nice how? 
That was bad. 
It's detestable. 
Until now. 
But really, it's not. 
-LSB- Gessato -RSB- 
-LSB- New Scientist -RSB- 
It's all there. 
Maybe not. 
Maybe not. 
The Fine Print: 
Yes. 
You can do this! 
A Weapon. 
Their message? 
A Vehicle. 
Dan Eckstein 
Dan Eckstein 
Email Andy. 
Email Andy. 
Let's wait see. 
Tell us about it. 
-LSB- BBC -RSB- 
Well, it's not. 
You can run. 
But others? 
But others? 
Scott's tried. 
No, not really. 
No, not really. 
That's right. 
That's a box. 
It's fine. 
Maybe. 
Maybe. 
Seriously. 
We need it. 
We need it. 
-LSB- Amazon -RSB- 
-LSB- Amazon -RSB- 
-LSB- Amazon -RSB- 
-LSB- Amazon -RSB- 
-LSB- Skift -RSB- 
We want it. 
We want it. 
That's all. 
Only WW. 
Only WW. 
About. 
About. 
q 
q 
I did! 
I did! 
Quick! 
Many. 
Many. 
A PS4? 
With. 
That's it. 
That's it! 
Why? 
Really. 
-LSB- ESA -RSB- 
So. 
So. 
1. 
2. 
-LSB- ... -RSB- 
5. 
... 
3. 
4. 
1. 
6. 
7. 
. 
-LSB- ... -RSB- 
1. 
. 
