The Times welcomes comments and suggestions, or complaints about errors that warrant correction. 
Messages on news coverage can be e-mailed to nytnews@nytimes.com or left toll-free at 1-888-NYT-NEWS 1-888-698-6397. 
Comments on editorials may be e-mailed to letters@nytimes.com or faxed to -LRB-212-RRB- 556-3622. 
Lens is the photography blog of The New York Times, presenting the finest and most interesting visual and multimedia reporting -- photographs, videos and slide shows. 
A showcase for Times photographers, it also seeks to highlight the best work of other newspapers, magazines and news and picture agencies ; in print, in books, in galleries, in museums and on the Web. 
Here are some suggestions for getting the most out of Lens. 
You can also send us an e-mail message. 
Travel Smarter. 
Gain Understanding. 
Return Inspired. 
Our journeys are selected with New York Times audiences and like-minded travelers in mind, to satisfy their intellectual curiosity and high standards. 
With curated content from The Times providing history and context for the destinations, these journeys are uniquely designed to appeal to the most exacting travelers. 
Journey 2,500 years back in time to discover the ancient secrets of Persia on this 13-day itinerary incorporating some of most well preserved archaeological sites in the world. 
Welcome to the once-forbidden land of Iran. 
From the crystal waters of the fjords of Milford Sound to the Southern Alps forming its spine, the South Island of New Zealand is known for its beauty, tranquillity and adventure. 
Whether it's hiking on an ancient glacier or seeing the wilderness areas on a jetboat or sampling world-class wines, this small island has it all. 
Travel to many of the most important sites of the War to End Wars during its centennial, from Flanders Fields to Paris. 
Trace the battles of the Somme and the Marne, and explore Verdun, Ypres, Reims, Château-Thierry, Belleau Wood, the Argonne Forest and Saint-Mihiel before ending your Great War journey in Paris. 
The word Provence evokes images of rolling hills and mountains, vineyards and farms, the scent of lavender and idyllic French country villages. 
Experience all that and more while walking off the beaten track, in the steps of Van Gogh and countless wanderers, for a unique view of this timeless land. 
The festival features three major productions and a fabulous program of lunchtime concerts, afternoon ShortWorks, and scores of recitals held in venues throughout Wexford from morning through evening. 
Our weeklong program in Ireland features three operas and time to enjoy additional performances and the hospitality of delightful Wexford. 
Visit Ireland's most beloved house and garden, the elegant Powerscourt Estate in County Wicklow, and take in the highlights of Kilkenny, considered the best preserved of the medieval Irish cities. 
We conclude with two days exploring lively Dublin's memorable sights and attend a musical performance at the National Concert Hall. 
The editor, Dean Baquet, will retire the job of managing editor, traditionally the second-most senior newsroom position at The Times, and a job he once held, and promote four senior editors -- Susan Chira, Janet Elder, Matt Purdy and Ian Fisher -- to the new title of deputy executive editor, he wrote in a memo to the staff on Wednesday. 
A fifth editor, Tom Bodkin, will be given the title of creative director, a position equal to the four deputy executive editors. 
The changes are intended to make the masthead more nimble and responsive, and strategic in dealing with a shifting industry, Mr. Baquet said. 
The masthead titles, he said, which have traditionally been seen as something of a coronation, will now be more fluid. 
Each deputy executive editor will have a distinct area of responsibility. 
Ms. Chira, 56, will lead the news report, Mr. Baquet said. 
Ms. Chira was made an assistant managing editor in 2011, after 30 years at The Times. 
She had previously been a Tokyo correspondent, the editor of the paper's Week in Review section and its foreign editor. 
Ms. Elder, 58, will manage talent, operations and budget. 
She was appointed a deputy managing editor in late 2013, with similar responsibilities, after a long career at The Times that included a stint running its polling operation. 
Mr. Purdy, 58, will run investigations and enterprise coverage. 
He had been an assistant managing editor, overseeing investigative articles across the newspaper, since July 2013. 
He was investigations editor for nine years before that, helping that department win five Pulitzer Prizes during his tenure. 
He came to The Times from The Philadelphia Inquirer in 1993. 
Mr. Fisher, 48, will oversee digital operations. 
He became an assistant managing editor in January 2013, overseeing the integration of the digital and print sides of the newspaper. 
He had previously been a deputy foreign editor and a foreign correspondent. 
Three other editors received promotions. 
Joseph Kahn, who oversees the paper's international coverage, will join the masthead, becoming assistant editor for international. 
Steve Duenes, the paper's graphics director, will also join the masthead, as an assistant editor. 
And Clifford J. Levy, who runs the mobile news app NYT Now, has been promoted to associate editor. 
Mr. Baquet was named executive editor of The Times in May, replacing Jill Abramson, who was dismissed from the paper's top editorial position after less than three years in the job. 
He said that he was expanding his leadership team because we have too much work to do to have all the decisions made by a couple of editors in a corner office. 
No major laws are likely to pass in the next two years, regardless of which party controls the Senate. 
The reasons that the midterms matter are subtler. 
The message of the moment is to embrace the act of cooking dinner. 
It is an easy habit to form, and offers many benefits. 
When Cooking, Invest Time. 
Or Work. 
Not Both. 
A strong game with a frying pan is a good way to improve your cooking. 
But remember: always keep an eye on the heat. 
The Tamatea Nui Lana’i Polynesian dance group. 
All of Lanai's owners have sought, in one way or another, to refashion the island into a paradise on earth. 
Larry Ellison hopes to transform it into the first economically viable, 100 percent green community. 
Just before Sept. 11, 2001, my teenage brother Mike, fresh from Air Force training, pressed something small into my palm: two pin-backings stubbed on a curled shape in dusky silver. 
Jump wings. 
My brothers and I had always tried to protect each other. 
Chris, the younger, was calm, but Mike was rambunctious. 
When I was 4 and they were toddlers, I would sneak into their room past midnight to ensure they still occupied their dual cribs. 
I would poke a finger through the crib slats, slide up their eyelids, and check their breathing as they slept. 
Safe in their company, I would curl up on the floor for a minute, then pad back to my pink-swathed bed. 
But by elementary school, our parents had divorced, and anger ran through our thin walls. 
When I was 14, our stepfather and Mike, 12, got in a fight over pajamas. 
Too cowardly to burst in, I stayed in bed and turned up my Walkman. 
Mike sobbed himself to sleep with a nosebleed that soaked his mattress. 
He had misbehaved, but my crime felt worse -- I had let him thrash alone. 
As the years passed, conflicts with our stepfather prompted police cruiser lights on our street. 
When I finished high school, Mike's card to me read, ... Stay another year? 
Please? 
I should have ensured my brothers grew up strong. 
Instead I fled. 
At 18, I paid for college with a Marine Corps R.O.T.C. scholarship ; the military's rules seemed enlightened next to the ones back home. 
Mike later barreled into the same Boston unit as an Air Force cadet. 
He tagged along on field exercises with us upperclassmen, easily completing grueling hikes and rappelling down university buildings. 
My senior year, the Twin Towers fell, and I knew at some point I would deploy. 
The following June, Mike and Chris pinned gold lieutenant bars on my shoulders. 
Two years later, on an Iraqi base, I nervously strapped myself into an androgynous Kevlar jacket. 
Tromping around our gravel-strewn compound, I doled out candy and phone cards while waiting for mortars to fall. 
We plodded through our days, trusting in grace that wherever we stepped was safe. 
Late at night, when the desert heat lifted, I taught my Marines martial arts. 
As we punched foam mats and dragged each other through the sand, I wondered how my fist would feel against my stepfather's face, how much pressure my forearm required to choke his carotid artery. 
But I could not predict the techniques my sparring partners threw ; I could only try to counter them. 
And my rage did not help me lead. 
Rafael Hui Si-yan, Hong Kong's former chief secretary, testified Tuesday that he received the money in late 2007 from a friend who said it was from someone from Beijing but refused to identify the donor, according to The South China Morning Post. 
The disclosure raises the issue of relations between Hong Kong and Chinese leaders in the former British colony, which returned to Chinese rule in 1997 but has retained some autonomy, at a time when democracy advocates in Hong Kong are increasingly critical of Beijing's political influence. 
The lights are on down there, but that dark-haired woman has suddenly moved out. 
No furniture in the rooms, nothing. 
Clean. 
She hadn't been in the apartment long, maybe three months? 
Seems so empty, so vacant, without her. 
Didn't know her name, or even what she looked like, really, the distance between our buildings too great. 
In her 30s, I'd guess. 
Her blinds, like mine, were usually up. 
Like me, she'd often forget to lower them at night. 
I didn't want to stare ; if I could see her, she could see me. 
But I was aware of her, knew she was there, going about her business. 
Maybe she knew of me, too. 
She reminded me of the woman who had been in that same apartment some 40 years ago. 
Also in her 30s, with long dark hair. 
One night she was yelling at her boyfriend ; he stood there, not apologetic, just bearing the tirade. 
Her wails were so loud I and the rest of the neighbors could hear them: I can't BELIEVE you slept with another woman, mainly, over and over. 
She soon moved out. 
Anyway, tonight, it just seems weirdly lonely. 
Especially since they 've left the lights on, the bare rooms glaring, reminding me each time I pass my window of some sort of loss. 
Read all recent entries and our updated submissions guidelines. 
Reach us via email diary@nytimes.com or follow @NYTMetro on Twitter using the hashtag #MetDiary. 
At 3:54 PM ET: Stocks are up across the board as advancing issues outpace declining issues on the NYSE by 1.6 to 1. 
Large - and small-cap stocks are both strong, while the S. & P. 500 index is up 0.78%. 
Among individual stocks, the top percentage gainers in the S. & P. 500 are Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. and Vertex Pharmaceuticals Inc.. 
Robert Ganem is a former mortgage broker who now buys properties as investments. 
Things are not too far off the peak prices now, and we just see them going up and up, he said. 
Parents, the Children Will Be Fine. 
Spend Their Inheritance Now. 
The improbability of beating a market index with individual stock picks is irrefutable. 
If you choose to ignore that fact, you should at least understand why. 
In the Affordable Care Act marketplaces so far, insurance filings show good news for the federal budget and aggressive shoppers. 
But people who don't shop could get stuck with a big bill. 
He wanted his body given to a medical school or research organization. 
It wasn't that simple. 
In the Affordable Care Act marketplaces so far, insurance filings show good news for the federal budget and aggressive shoppers. 
But people who don't shop could get stuck with a big bill. 
Destiny: A scene from this new science-fiction shooter from Activision. 
The company expects this interplanetary game to become a billion-dollar franchise. 
The new season comes with an array of promising video games, including Destiny Paul McCartney! 
Peter Dinklage! 
and Fantasia: Music Evolved Mozart! 
Lady Gaga! 
. 
First-person shooters, from retro to sophisticated. 
Also, Foursquare's Swarm app comes to Windows Phone. 
Ads placed in the online classifieds will not appear in the newspaper edition of The New York Times, except where noted. 
* 
This treasure trove is available without charge on articles going back to 1981.
Wearing purple T-shirts, a group of Sisters of Mercy -- as one of them put it, commonly known as nuns -- came to the march from all around the northeast of the country. 
The women told Op-Talk they were protesting because earth and creation are being destroyed, polluted. 
It's a matter of justice, and we're about justice and compassion for anyone who is marginalized or oppressed, and the earth is among those, said Frances Thomas, 71. 
Not far, a group of wholly different sisters marched, wearing green. 
One of the protesters was Bridget Burns, 29, the advocacy and communications director for the Women's Environment and Development Organization, a group that helped organize the women's contingent of the march. 
We're here to talk about climate change being an issue of social justice, Ms. Burns told Op-Talk. 
Yes, it impacts everyone, but impacts people differently, depending on who has access to resources. 
And that has a gendered face, a woman's face, she said, explaining that women are particularly affected by natural disasters from droughts to tsunamis. 
The march carried many messages from many individuals and groups -- as many as 1,300 -- from Moms Clean Air Force to activists from the AIDS awareness group Act Up. 
But the overarching demand was clear: Climate change is a problem, and something needs to be done. 
The first step is to just acknowledge that something is happening, the actor Joseph Gordon-Levitt told Op-Talk. 
Big money has been able to frame the conversation such that a lot of people still think it's debatable whether it's been happening or not. 
What was valuable about the march, with its overwhelming and diverse turnout, Mr. Gordon-Levitt said, is that it made the climate movement's claims irrefutable. 
The voice of global concern for action on climate change is back, and this time it's no longer an environmental issue, it's an everybody issue, one of the march's organizers, Ricken Patel of Avaaz, a global activism movement, wrote in an op-ed for CNN. 
Climate change has gone beyond environmentalism, it's now about the economy, jobs, justice, family, security. 
Marcelo Magnasco, 50, a biophysicist at the Rockefeller University in New York, marched in his white lab coat. 
I'm one of the 97 percent of scientists that believe that climate change is real, and its anthropogenic, he told Op-Talk. 
Mr. Magnasco brought his entire family to the march, including his 5-year-old daughter, Luna. 
This is my children's fight. 
We are leaving them this mess, aren't we? 
The younger generation is already fighting, and in large numbers. 
A numerous, and loud, contingent of students representing the movement pushing colleges to divest from fossil fuels marched holding a sign saying Our Future, Our Choice. 
Our futures and our values are at stake said Iliana Salazar-Dodge, 19, a sophomore at Columbia. 
Ms. Salazar-Dodge is part of the Fossil Fuel Divestment Student Network, a group of activists on 400 campuses across the country. 
Ms. Salazar-Dodge echoed Ms. Burns's sentiment that climate change affects some people more than others. 
People of low socioeconomic status as well as indigenous people in tropical regions would be most affected by sea level rise, she told Op-Talk, adding that she was concerned for her own family in Mexico, which was recently hit by one of the most severe storms in decades. 
This sense of urgency was emphasized by the march's organizers. 
There is a gap between the speed of action our survival requires and the action our governments are taking, Mr. Patel writes. 
The street is how we close that gap, because politicians will move faster when people move them. 
Bill McKibben, another organizer and founder of 350. 
But the night before, one such manifesto was introduced at the Climate Convergence conference that accompanied the march.
Naomi Klein, a journalist, activist and author of the books No Logo and The Shock Doctrine: The Rise of Disaster Capitalism, spoke at St. Peter's Church in Midtown Manhattan about her new book, This Changes Everything. 
In her book, Ms. Klein argues that the root cause of climate change is capitalism, emphasizing that if no profound and radical changes to the system are made, a climate catastrophe is inevitable. 
The bottom line is what matters here: Our economic system and our planetary system are now at war, Ms. Klein writes. 
Only one of these sets of rules can be changed, and it's not the laws of nature. 
Both in her book and during the talk, Ms. Klein admitted that she, along with many others on the left, had ignored the importance of climate change for years. 
While talking to an activist from a developing country, she writes, she realized not only the urgency of the problem but a potential for larger change that could eliminate the inequality plaguing our societies while at the same time alleviating climate change. 
Some of her solutions include rebuilding and reviving local economies or reclaiming our democracies from corrosive corporate influence, and blocking new free trade deals. 
The issue of climate change can not be left to governments whose efforts -- begun in the late 1980s -- have largely been sluggish and ineffective. 
Some preliminary data show that since 1990, carbon emissions rose by 61 percent, Ms. Klein points out. 
In This Changes Everything, she dismisses the partnership between big green groups and corporations and calls for a mass, grass-roots movement. 
The book has also drawn criticism. 
Both Mr. Bentley and John Gray at The Guardian criticize Ms. Klein for the relative lack of specific ideas for an alternative economic system to the one she demolishes in her argument. 
Mr. Gray writes that her central argument is faulty. 
Humans have been causing damage to the climate long before the rise of capitalism, he says. 
Instead of framing it as a clash between the planet and capitalism, it would be more accurate to say the conflict is between the expanding demands of humankind and a finite world. 
He adds, on a more optimistic note that the winner is clear: The Earth is vastly older and stronger than the human animal. 
This article is part of Op-Talk, a new feature of NYT Opinion. 
Get unlimited access to our expanded Opinion section and try our new NYT Opinion iPhone app for free. 
PARIS -- In another in a video series of designers in their offices, we go behind the scenes with Rick Owens, an American in Paris who lives and works in his own building. 
Here, he discusses renovation, responsibility and the importance of rocks. 
And that's just the stuff that didn't make it into the video. 
The conversation has been edited and condensed. 
A. Twelve years now. 
When we first moved in, it had drop acoustical tile ceilings with fluorescent lights and carpeting and wallpaper, and we ripped it all out. 
We did it right before a show period, so we hadn't had time to seal anything, like the concrete or the walls or anything, so the bottom floors were filthy and everybody, all of the buyers, knew who had been to the Rick Owens showroom in Paris because they would be walking in the streets covered head to foot in dust. 
Nobody really complained. 
I think they were delighted a little bit because it was such an extreme experience and they probably felt like they had an adventure. 
As well as some asbestos poisoning or something. 
Q. Was it weird to move from Hollywood Boulevard, where you started your career, to the Seventh Arrondissement in Paris? 
You are right behind the Assemblée Nationale. 
When we first moved to Paris, we lived in the Marais, and there's just too many parties with all of those kids running around. 
Here, it's just embassies and old families. 
Everybody in this building has some kind of aristocratic name, and I am this nouveau riche American that's ruining the neighborhood. 
One of my favorite things is going to sleep at night, and we can hear the footsteps on the gravel of the guards patrolling the garden. 
It's just the most delicious sense of security. 
I was manufacturing in Italy, and going back and forth between Italy and Los Angeles just didn't make sense, and since I'd started showing in Paris, it made sense to move everything here. 
It doesn't really make a difference. 
There were times that I kind of forget I am not still in Los Angeles, because I kind of create the same triangle here: the couple of restaurants I eat at, my house and office, and the gym. 
It's just that now I walk through the Jardin des Tuileries to get to the gym, which is very different than Hollywood Boulevard. 
This room just recently changed. 
It used to be very destroyed, and the ceiling was kind of falling apart. 
It was a little bombed-out looking. 
It's only very recently that I plastered it all up and made it all extra shiny white. 
As I get older, I need more organization. 
It's not because of the pace of fashion or anything, because to tell you the truth, I'm so addicted I don't think I would want it any slower. 
I'm fine with it being fast. 
I'm fine with the deadlines and stuff. 
It gives me a silly little sense of purpose. 
Yeah. 
When we first moved in here, we needed a lot of stuff, and that would have been a fortune. 
So I just faked it with what we had in hand. 
The chair is just a box with pillows. 
I like reducing everything that I do to a rock and a fire and a fur in a cave. 
So I'm thinking, What are the essentials? 
We need a couple of benches, we need a bed. 
What else? 
Light switches. 
Light switches should be great because you have to touch them every day. 
Q. 
So you keep most of the materials on your desk, or do you sketch? 
I don't sketch. 
I mainly do it with draping. 
What I do every season is order toiles of past styles that we 've done. 
Then I manipulate them here and take photos and sketch over them, or I do a line, or paste them up together, and then they send me another toile and I manipulate that, and that's how we work here. 
Right now I'm trying to figure out how to make tulle look like concrete. 
Fashion is just a fresh combination of elements that we all connect with. 
There are some crystals. 
I just like how they seem kind of spiritual even though I'm not at all. 
Kind of spiritual and prehistoric. 
I like to think about the grandest scale possible. 
When I see things that are a little too traditional or things that I can define too easily, it makes me react and want to do something that is more a summary of our experiences instead of just one facet. 
I do. 
I have this incredible advantage of being independent and this being kind of my personal indulgence. 
I really do stay in my own world. 
There have been times when we were growing where I did feel a sense of responsibility, and I started to think about what do people want, what are people responding to, what should I do next? 
And I learned that that was a mistake. 
I learned that listening didn't work for me. 
I couldn't interpret well enough. 
I hadn't developed the social skills to filter what was valuable and what was distraction. 
So finally I learned that I really had to be completely selfish and just think about what amused me, what I enjoy. 
Because people seem to respond to the things that I connect to the most. 
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. 
Please upgrade your browser. 
Wearing purple T-shirts, a group of Sisters of Mercy -- as one of them put it, commonly known as nuns -- came to the march from all around the northeast of the country. 
The women told Op-Talk they were protesting because earth and creation are being destroyed, polluted. 
It's a matter of justice, and we're about justice and compassion for anyone who is marginalized or oppressed, and the earth is among those, said Frances Thomas, 71. 
Not far, a group of wholly different sisters marched, wearing green. 
One of the protesters was Bridget Burns, 29, the advocacy and communications director for the Women's Environment and Development Organization, a group that helped organize the women's contingent of the march. 
We're here to talk about climate change being an issue of social justice, Ms. Burns told Op-Talk. 
Yes, it impacts everyone, but impacts people differently, depending on who has access to resources. 
And that has a gendered face, a woman's face, she said, explaining that women are particularly affected by natural disasters from droughts to tsunamis. 
The march carried many messages from many individuals and groups -- as many as 1,300 -- from Moms Clean Air Force to activists from the AIDS awareness group Act Up. 
But the overarching demand was clear: Climate change is a problem, and something needs to be done. 
The first step is to just acknowledge that something is happening, the actor Joseph Gordon-Levitt told Op-Talk. 
Big money has been able to frame the conversation such that a lot of people still think it's debatable whether it's been happening or not. 
What was valuable about the march, with its overwhelming and diverse turnout, Mr. Gordon-Levitt said, is that it made the climate movement's claims irrefutable. 
The voice of global concern for action on climate change is back, and this time it's no longer an environmental issue, it's an everybody issue, one of the march's organizers, Ricken Patel of Avaaz, a global activism movement, wrote in an op-ed for CNN. 
Climate change has gone beyond environmentalism, it's now about the economy, jobs, justice, family, security. 
Marcelo Magnasco, 50, a biophysicist at the Rockefeller University in New York, marched in his white lab coat. 
I'm one of the 97 percent of scientists that believe that climate change is real, and its anthropogenic, he told Op-Talk. 
Mr. Magnasco brought his entire family to the march, including his 5-year-old daughter, Luna. 
This is my children's fight. 
We are leaving them this mess, aren't we? 
The younger generation is already fighting, and in large numbers. 
A numerous, and loud, contingent of students representing the movement pushing colleges to divest from fossil fuels marched holding a sign saying Our Future, Our Choice. 
Our futures and our values are at stake said Iliana Salazar-Dodge, 19, a sophomore at Columbia. 
Ms. Salazar-Dodge is part of the Fossil Fuel Divestment Student Network, a group of activists on 400 campuses across the country. 
Ms. Salazar-Dodge echoed Ms. Burns's sentiment that climate change affects some people more than others. 
People of low socioeconomic status as well as indigenous people in tropical regions would be most affected by sea level rise, she told Op-Talk, adding that she was concerned for her own family in Mexico, which was recently hit by one of the most severe storms in decades. 
This sense of urgency was emphasized by the march's organizers. 
There is a gap between the speed of action our survival requires and the action our governments are taking, Mr. Patel writes. 
The street is how we close that gap, because politicians will move faster when people move them. 
Bill McKibben, another organizer and founder of 350. 
org, writes at The New Yorker that marches aren't subtle ; they don't lay out detailed manifestos. 
But the night before, one such manifesto was introduced at the Climate Convergence conference that accompanied the march. 
Naomi Klein, a journalist, activist and author of the books No Logo and The Shock Doctrine: The Rise of Disaster Capitalism, spoke at St. Peter's Church in Midtown Manhattan about her new book, This Changes Everything. 
In her book, Ms. Klein argues that the root cause of climate change is capitalism, emphasizing that if no profound and radical changes to the system are made, a climate catastrophe is inevitable. 
The bottom line is what matters here: Our economic system and our planetary system are now at war, Ms. Klein writes. 
Only one of these sets of rules can be changed, and it's not the laws of nature. 
Both in her book and during the talk, Ms. Klein admitted that she, along with many others on the left, had ignored the importance of climate change for years. 
While talking to an activist from a developing country, she writes, she realized not only the urgency of the problem but a potential for larger change that could eliminate the inequality plaguing our societies while at the same time alleviating climate change. 
Some of her solutions include rebuilding and reviving local economies or reclaiming our democracies from corrosive corporate influence, and blocking new free trade deals. 
The issue of climate change can not be left to governments whose efforts -- begun in the late 1980s -- have largely been sluggish and ineffective. 
Some preliminary data show that since 1990, carbon emissions rose by 61 percent, Ms. Klein points out. 
In This Changes Everything, she dismisses the partnership between big green groups and corporations and calls for a mass, grass-roots movement. 
The book has also drawn criticism. 
Both Mr. Bentley and John Gray at The Guardian criticize Ms. Klein for the relative lack of specific ideas for an alternative economic system to the one she demolishes in her argument. 
Mr. Gray writes that her central argument is faulty. 
Humans have been causing damage to the climate long before the rise of capitalism, he says. 
Instead of framing it as a clash between the planet and capitalism, it would be more accurate to say the conflict is between the expanding demands of humankind and a finite world. 
He adds, on a more optimistic note that the winner is clear: The Earth is vastly older and stronger than the human animal. 
This article is part of Op-Talk, a new feature of NYT Opinion. 
Get unlimited access to our expanded Opinion section and try our new NYT Opinion iPhone app for free. 
Caldwell Jones, a beanpole of a center and power forward who blocked more than 2,200 shots in his 17-year pro career and played in three National Basketball Association finals with the Philadelphia 76ers, died on Sunday in Stockbridge, Ga.. 
He was 64. 
His wife, Vanessa, confirmed the death. 
She said he was at a driving range near their home when he had a heart attack. 
Lithe and quick at 6 feet 11 and 217 pounds, Jones was best known as a rebounder and a shot blocker, but he had ball skills as well. 
With a smooth, slithery move to the basket, a fluid hook shot and a reliable short-range jumper, he shot better than 47 percent for his career, and he was even asked on occasion to bring the ball upcourt. 
Early in his career, he played three seasons for four teams in the old American Basketball Association and averaged almost 16 points per game, but when he joined the 76ers of the N.B.A. in 1976, he was no longer depended on to score. 
Over the next six seasons, he was a frontcourt defensive specialist playing alongside powerhouse offensive stars like Julius Erving, George McGinnis and Darryl Dawkins. 
As a Sixer, Jones was twice named to the all-N.B.A. defensive team. 
He was a crucial cog on a squad that reached the championship finals in 1977 -- they lost in six games to a Portland Trail Blazers team led by Bill Walton -- and in 1980 and 1982, losing six-game series both times to Abdul-Jabbar's Los Angeles Lakers. 
Caldwell Jones Jr. was born on Aug. 4, 1950, in McGehee, Ark., where his parents, Caldwell Sr. and Cecelia Jones, were cotton farmers. 
They had a girl and seven boys, four of whom -- Charles, Wilbert and Major, in addition to Caldwell -- played in the N.B.A. 
From 1969 to 1973, Jones attended Albany State College now Albany State University in Georgia, where he and his brothers commandeered a whole chapter of school basketball history. 
Six of the Jones brothers played center for Albany State -- from 1961 to 1979 one Jones or another was the big man in the middle -- and Oliver Jones went on to become the head coach of the team for 28 years, retiring in 2000. 
In his rookie year in the A.B.A., playing for the San Diego Conquistadors where his coach was Wilt Chamberlain, Caldwell Jones led the league in blocked shots. 
The franchise subsequently went out of business, but before the two leagues merged in 1976, Jones also played for the San Diego Sails, the Kentucky Colonels and the Spirits of St. Louis. 
In the N.B.A., after six years with the 76ers, he was sent to the Houston Rockets, where his brother Major was a teammate. 
He later played for the Chicago Bulls during Michael Jordan's rookie year, spent four seasons with the Trail Blazers and retired in 1990 after a year with the San Antonio Spurs, helping to school their young center David Robinson in the ways of pro ball. 
In 1992, Jones married Vanessa Dorton, a school administrator whom he had met in Portland. 
In addition to her, he is survived by five brothers, Clint, Oliver, Charles, Wilbert and Major ; and five daughters, Tanasha Polk and Jasmine, Zori, Maya and Leah Jones. 
Jones was widely respected among players and sportswriters as a genial, thoughtful and witty presence off the court and a self-sacrificing one on it. 
After the Sixers had lost for a second time in the championship finals to the Lakers, the team sent Jones and a first-round draft pick to Houston as compensation for their signing of the free-agent center Moses Malone. 
It was bad luck for Jones: Malone led the team to a championship in 1983, sweeping the Lakers in the finals. 
Months later, however, in recognition of Jones's contribution to the team, the 76ers coach, Billy Cunningham, offered Jones his own championship ring. 
Jones turned him down. 
He epitomized a team player, Cunningham said, after Jones's death, to the Philadelphia sportswriter Gordie Jones no relation on the website CSNPhilly.com. 
If we won, he would have been the happiest guy in the locker room. 
And that's not just a statement, like you hear things, nice things, being said about somebody who is deceased. 
That's fact. 
Like Jean-Jacques Rousseau set to a hip-hop beat, Craig Grant offers his confessions in A Sucker Emcee, produced by the Labyrinth Theater Company. 
While a D.J. Rich Medina bops between two turntables, scratching and spinning, Mr. Grant tells the story of his life in rhymed couplets. 
Mr. Grant, also known as muMs, has a blocky face with a mobile mouth and gleaming teeth. 
He speaks in a gentle growl with just a trace of a native Bronx drawl, though he can send his voice swooping up and down the social register. 
Dressed in Nikes and a T-shirt proclaiming The Truth, he spends most of the show near the front of the bare stage, lips pressed close to a microphone. 
In some ways his story is standard bullet-point autobiography. 
He begins with his volatile Bronx childhood, darts through some dissolute college years, chronicles his subsequent ups and down as a rapper and actor best known for his role in the HBO prison drama Oz and finally returns, with hard-won maturity and grace, to the borough of his birth. 
So far, so familiar. 
But what adds urgency and fierce pleasure to the monologue, directed by Jenny Koons, is his debt to music. 
D.J.'s, it seems, saved Mr. Grant's life. 
Before hip-hop, I couldn't speak, Mr. Grant recalls. 
The music gave him a voice, a place, a future, helping him to turn all that hate into a dance and a chant. 
Mr. Medina provides backing beats to Mr. Grant's chants and sometimes helps him pay more direct homage to the heroes of his youth -- KRS-One, Rakim, the Sugarhill Gang. 
Even when the show threatens to turn into some sort of lecture demonstration, it's still pretty good fun, with Mr. Medina illustrating each style and technique while Mr. Grant narrates and occasionally threatens some B-boy moves. 
The odds were stacked against us, Mr. Modi, wearing a red Nehru vest, said in a televised news conference. 
When you are trying to do something that has not been attempted before, it is a leap into the unknown. 
And space is indeed the biggest unknown out there. 
The Mars Orbiter Mission, or MOM, was intended mostly to prove that India could succeed in such a highly technical endeavor -- and to beat China. 
As Mr. Modi and others have noted, India's trip to Mars, at a price of $ 74 million, cost less than the Hollywood movie Gravity. 
NASA's almost simultaneous -- and far more complex -- mission to Mars cost $ 671 million. 
Success was by no means assured. 
Of the 51 attempts to reach Mars, only 21 have succeeded, and none on any country's first try, Mr. Modi noted. 
In 2012, China tried and failed, and in 1999, Japan also failed. 
But Mr. Modi, who was elected in May with a once-in-a-generation majority in Parliament, has been on something of a roll. 
And the Mars achievement, which he had almost nothing to do with, will only add to that. 
The Indian Space Research Organization has always had a small budget, and for years it largely worked in international isolation after many countries cut off technological sharing programs in the wake of Indian nuclear tests. 
It has launched more than 50 satellites since 1975, including five foreign satellites in one June launch. 
As other countries have rethought their pricey space programs, India's low-budget affair has gained increasing attention and orders. 
More recently, India's technological isolation in defense and other areas has been due in large part to the country's restrictions on foreign investments, its poor infrastructure and its infamous bureaucracy. 
India is now the world's largest importer of arms because of its inability to make its own equipment and its refusal to let foreign companies open plants owned entirely by them. 
Our success on Mars is a crucial marketing opportunity for low-cost technological know-how, which is what we do really well, said C. Uday Bhaskar, an analyst with the Society for Policy Studies, a New Delhi research center. 
India's space program spent peanuts, and they got it done. 
India's decision to launch Mangalyaan, the name of its spacecraft, resulted after China's own mission to Mars failed in 2012. 
In almost every sphere, the Chinese have outpaced the Indians over the past three decades, but Indian scientists saw an opportunity to beat them to Mars. 
In just a few months, they cobbled together a mission to send a 33-pound payload of fairly simple sensors to Mars orbit. 
They used a small rocket, a modest 3,000-pound spacecraft and a plan to slingshot around the Earth to gain the speed needed to get there. 
A mission that began with a November launch in Sriharikota has been flawless ever since. 
The triumph was well timed. 
Thousands of Indian and Chinese soldiers have been engaged in a standoff for more than a week on disputed land in Ladakh, in the Indian-controlled portion of Kashmir, and President Xi Jinping of China recently held a three-day visit to India that was overshadowed by the border disputes. 
Open your refrigerator: how many bottles of salad dressing are lurking in the door? 
If you're an average American shopper, you add one or two bottles to that sticky collection every couple of months. 
Yet you don't actually need a single one. 
Those bottled dressings, even the expensive and all-natural versions, contain ingredients like corn syrup, cheap vegetable oil, monosodium glutamate and any number of unnecessary stabilizers and gums. 
And they aren't really more convenient than a basic vinaigrette made from real ingredients -- which can also live happily and indefinitely in the refrigerator door. 
There's a notion among purists that homemade dressing must be made from scratch for every single salad. 
These are the same people who scorn salad greens in plastic tubs, wash every leaf individually, and tell you to rub your olive-wood salad bowl with a garlic clove. 
As Maggie Smith proclaimed in The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie, For those who like that sort of thing, that is the sort of thing they like. 
What I like is to shake up a pint of classic vinaigrette once a week or so, nothing more than olive oil, vinegar, shallots and mustard, and stick it in the refrigerator until I need it. 
It takes about seven minutes and makes a bright, fresh green salad an immediate possibility any night of the week. 
If the goal is to add a green vegetable to your dinner and when is it not? 
, this is a whole lot easier than roasting brussels sprouts or sautéing green beans, and nearly as nutritionally effective. 
To the salad you can add slivered red peppers, half-moons of cucumber, toasted pine nuts, halved grape tomatoes, soft herbs like parsley or mint -- or nothing at all. 
This dressing has never gone off or rancid, or failed to be anything but fragrant and delicious. 
The flavor of the oil may not be as exquisite after week two, but with all the other strong flavors in the jar, it really doesn't matter. 
The secret seems to be in the shallots, which continue to soften and sweeten in the vinegar for as long as you keep the dressing, adding a round, bright flavor for as long as you keep it around. 
But with robust vinegar and shallots, this dressing is itself a pantry staple that can be tweaked each time you use it. 
Just before serving, pour out the amount you need, then add anchovy paste, garlic and lemon zest to make a Caesar dressing. 
Or whisk in feta cheese, lemon juice and fresh oregano for a Greek salad. 
Or blend in some honey to make the flavor more appealing to children. 
Or thin it with crème fraîche and minced chives to make a French-accented creamy dressing. 
Last, adding toasted bread or croutons, nuggets of good bacon and poached or sunny-side-up eggs can turn any of these salads into a full meal. 
And unless you're going to live on Hot Pockets, dinner doesn't get much easier than that. 
Just cook. 
That is the message of the moment, the act to embrace. 
Just cook dinner. 
It is a habit as easy to form as a bad one, and more beneficial by far. 
Of course, home cooking can be stressful, particularly during the week. 
Never mind the time spent at the stove. 
There is also the time spent planning, and the time spent shopping: invisible labor, more taxing than it seems. 
And then someone has soccer practice. 
Or the traffic is heavy. 
Someone needs to work late. 
Time famine grasps us all. 
We are here to help. 
This issue of Dining is dedicated to the core promise of a new website and iPad app that The New York Times introduced last week called Cooking. 
Built on a foundation of more than 16,000 old and new recipes in the Times archives, the site and app are designed for cooks of all talents, from beginning to expert. 
The mission: to make each one of us a better cook. 
So just cook and see what happens. 
Gather family or friends to your table and serve them hot food. 
Maybe it helps the children do better in school. 
Studies suggest it. 
Maybe it strengthens relationships. 
Likewise. 
Demonstrably as you will see! 
it is more pleasant than a microwaved stew or takeout curry or a pizza delivered from miles away. 
Cheaper, too. 
Here is one way to get started: Imagine a chicken smothered in gravy, cooked on the stove top, served with white rice and steamed green beans with a pat of butter. 
It is as pleasant a meal as a September night can offer, and simple to prepare. 
The shopping is a breeze. 
Go to the market for a chicken of moderate size. 
Get an organic one because it will taste better. 
Ask the butcher to take out the backbone if you're nervous about doing that yourself. 
This isn't a time for more courage than is called for in the preparation of a midweek meal. 
A bird with its backbone removed has been spatchcocked, and you can lay it out flat in a pan. 
If you want to know how to do that yourself, there is a short instructional video and other tips on cooking techniques at nytimes.com/video/cooking-techniques. 
Buy some unsalted butter and, if you don't have any, a small amount of flour. 
You probably have salt and pepper. 
Maybe there is some chicken stock in your freezer or refrigerator. 
If not, pick up some at the store, the low-sodium kind, better in all ways than its over-salty cousin in a can or cube. 
You need little else. 
The recipe is a classic, in a collection we're calling Times Classics, and it comes from Craig Claiborne, a child of Mississippi who started as food editor of The Times in 1957 and did as much as anyone to help bring home cooking into the spotlight. 
The dish belongs in the ` comfort' category, he wrote in 1983, a food that gives solace to the spirit when you dine on it. 
Doesn't that sound good? 
You could give your smothered chicken some European flair with mushrooms and small onions in the gravy, as Claiborne did in his experiments with Pierre Franey, then his kitchen co-pilot. 
Or you could send yourself south to the Creole tastes of the Delta, with a blend of tomatoes, chopped celery, onion and green peppers added to the sauce. 
They wrote recipes for both. 
First, select a pan in which to cook. 
Claiborne believed a cast-iron skillet to be essential to the dish's success, probably in part for nostalgic reasons and absolutely because cast iron conducts heat so evenly and well. 
But any heavy-bottomed pan large enough to hold the chicken will do. 
Set it over medium heat, and add a couple of tablespoons of butter. 
As it melts and starts to foam, salt and pepper the chicken. 
Then add it to the pan, skin side down, and turn the heat to low. 
Cooking is patience. 
Cooking is trust. 
The low heat of the stove combined with the butter and the rendering fat of the chicken will slowly turn the skin golden brown and crisp, so that it releases easily from the pan. 
At which point you will turn the chicken over, carefully, and cook it some more. 
Use the downtime to make rice and prepare your green beans. 
Then, the smothering. 
When the chicken has cooked through, take it out of the pan and pour off all but a couple of tablespoons of the fat in the pan, and make a quick gravy. 
There is no need to panic at that command. 
Simply sprinkle a few tablespoons of flour into the hot fat and stir it around with a whisk for a few minutes, allowing the raw taste of the flour to diminish. 
Then hit the resulting roux with a cup or so of chicken stock, whisking until it thickens. 
Add salt and pepper to taste. 
Return the chicken to the pan with the gravy and allow it to cook yet a little while longer, until it is ridiculously tender, almost coming off the bones. 
Then remove to a cutting board, hack into pieces and place on a platter. 
Spoon some of the gravy over the top and serve the rest on the side, with the rice and vegetables. 
Henry Jolicoeur is a retired French Canadian hypnotherapist and a glass-products importer who enjoys making very low-budget documentary films. 
In the summer of 2012, Jolicoeur read that Larry Ellison, a founder of the Silicon Valley giant Oracle and the fifth-richest man in the world, had bought 97 percent of the Hawaiian island of Lanai -- not a 97 percent stake in some kind of company, but 97 percent of the physical place. 
Jolicoeur was curious, so he booked a flight and packed his camera. 
Jolicoeur knew a little about Lanai, having lived in Hawaii in the ’90s. 
It is among the smallest and least trafficked of Hawaiian islands -- a quiet, spectacular place where Cook Island pine trees vault up everywhere, like spires or giant peacock feathers -- and can feel like a charming wormhole to an earlier era. 
There is only one town, Lanai City, where virtually all of the island's 3,200 residents live. 
Ellison now owned a third of all their houses and apartments ; the island's two Four Seasons-run hotels ; the central commons at the heart of Lanai City, called Dole Park, and all the buildings around it ; the town swimming pool ; the community center ; the theater ; a grocery store ; two golf courses ; a wastewater treatment plant ; the water company ; and a cemetery. 
In a single sweeping real estate deal, reported to cost $ 300 million, he had acquired 87,000 of the island's 90,000 acres. 
And he would subsequently buy an airline that connects Lanai to Honolulu as well. 
On all of Lanai, I heard of only a handful of businesses -- the gas station, the rental-car company, two banks, a credit union and a cafe called Coffee Works -- that are neither owned by Ellison nor pay him rent. 
Jolicoeur spent about three weeks strolling around the island, asking locals to hold his ungainly, foam-sheathed microphone and tell the camera how they felt about the big acquisition. 
Everyone seemed to feel very, very good. 
I want to thank Mr. Ellison, one fishing-boat captain says. 
He's got a vision, and he's taking care of us over here on Lanai. 
A pack of landscapers, shown assiduously raking dirt, say things like: Thank you for work, Mr. Ellison! 
Thank you very much! 
The owner of a salon: I just want to take this time to thank Mr. Ellison for the unbelievable, incredible takeover of Lanai. 
Inside the island's Catholic church, a priest in a purple robe, surrounded by children, says: Heavenly father ... We ask for your blessings for Mr. Ellison, particularly, and those who work with him, that all the good plans and intentions that he has for Lanai be fruitful. 
Elsewhere, a woman shouts a little breathlessly: Mr. Ellison! 
Thank you for being here! 
We love you! 
I 've never met you before and really would like to, and I can imagine that you will do awesome wonders for this place! 
Jolicoeur is still working on his film but has posted some footage on YouTube in the meantime. 
From time to time, he makes an appearance himself, pontificating about the bewildering new relationship between Ellison and everyone else. 
Introducing one segment, Jolicoeur announces, The great philosopher Plato said, 2,500 years ago, that rulers of man must be philosophers. 
A title card reads, ORACLE = A person who delivers authoritative, wise or highly regarded and influential pronouncements. 
Ninety seven percent of Lanai may be a lot of Lanai, but it's a tiny part of Ellison's overall empire. 
Ellison, who stepped down as C.E.O. of Oracle on Sept. 18, is estimated to be worth $ 46 billion. 
He made an estimated $ 78.4 million last year, or about $ 38,000 an hour. 
He owns a tremendous amount of stuff -- cars, boats, real estate, Japanese antiquities, the BNP Paribas Open tennis tournament, an America's Cup sailing team, one of Bono's guitars -- and has a reputation for intensity and excess. 
Recently, The Wall Street Journal reported that when Ellison has played basketball on the courts on his yachts, he has positioned someone in a powerboat following the yacht to retrieve balls that go overboard. 
One biographer called him a modern-day Genghis Khan. 
At a public meeting on Lanai last year, an Ellison representative explained that his boss wasn't drawn to the island by the potential for profits but by the potential for a great accomplishment -- the satisfaction one day of having made the place work. 
For Ellison, it seemed, Lanai was less like an investment than like a classic car, up on blocks in the middle of the Pacific, that he had become obsessed with restoring. 
He wants to transform it into a premier tourist destination and what he has called the first economically viable, 100 percent green community: an innovative, self-sufficient dreamscape of renewable energy, electric cars and sustainable agriculture. 
Ellison has explained that Lanai feels to him like this really cool 21st-century engineering project -- and so far, his approach, which seems steeped in the ethos of Silicon Valley, has boiled down to rooting out the many inefficiencies of daily life on Lanai and replacing them with a single, elegantly designed system. 
It's the sort of sweeping challenge that engineering types get giddy over: a full-scale model. 
Of course, there are actual people living inside Ellison's engineering project -- a community being hit by an unimaginable wave of wealth. 
But unlike all the more familiar versions of that story, Lanai isn't being remade by some vague socioeconomic energy you can only gesture at with words like techies or hipsters or Wall Street but by one guy, whose name everyone knows, in a room somewhere, whiteboarding out the whole project. 
Jolicoeur seemed to understand the precariousness that power imbalance created: the staggering responsibility, the incomprehensible control. 
At one point, standing on a beach, he announces theatrically to the camera, The Bible says, ` Where there is no vision, people perish.' 
Eventually he visits the island's animal-rescue center, where a young employee explains that because there are no natural predators on Lanai, the feral-cat population just explodes. 
Right now, she tells him, the shelter is housing 380 cats. 
They're his cats! 
the woman says, laughing and laughing. 
Next we see a half-dozen cats, occupying different areas of a multitiered bungalow-style dollhouse for cats, licking themselves and lapping water and napping. 
More cats appear as Jolicoeur enters the shot, holding his long microphone, extending his free hand to stroke whichever cat looks most cooperative. 
His eyes are bright. 
He looks thrilled with his wonderful discovery: He has reached an unanticipated edge of the island's new reality. 
For thousands of years, Lanai was ruled by the god of nightmares. 
No humans lived there until, according to Hawaiian legend, a teenage chief from Maui was banished to the island for bad behavior. 
The chief killed the nightmare god and routed his army of spirits. 
Then he lit a fire. 
People on Maui, eight miles to the east, saw the fire. 
It was a signal -- an all-clear. 
They got in their canoes and came over. 
Hawaiians lived happily on Lanai for about 800 years. 
Then the Mormons started arriving, eventually led in 1861 by Walter Murray Gibson, who, in retrospect, may have been only a megalomaniac con man masquerading as a Mormon. 
An article published by the Hawaiian Historical Society in 1960 describes Gibson as ambitious and romantic and interested in ruling a tropical government. 
Gibson spent his early years tramping through Southeast Asia, stoking a native revolt against the Dutch in the hope of commandeering one. 
He converted to Mormonism only one year before showing up on Lanai. 
After building a Mormon colony in the island's interior, Gibson began buying land on Lanai until he controlled nearly the entire island. 
He paid for the land with the church's money but put the titles in his own name. 
When the Mormons figured this out, they excommunicated him. 
Gibson retained the land, though. 
By the time he died in 1888, it had passed to his daughter, then through a few other owners as a single holding. 
None of them could figure out what to do with Lanai. 
They tried ranching sheep. 
They tried sugar cane. 
One crop that grew well was pineapples, and this caught the attention of James Drummond Dole, a Harvard Business School grad with a fledgling pineapple company on Oahu. 
In 1922, Dole paid $ 1.1 million for the land Gibson and his successors had accumulated. 
Just like that, The New York Times reported, an entire island, Lanai, has been taken over by a pineapple company. 
Dole plowed the interior into fields, built a harbor and roads and laid out an idyllic town near the center of Lanai -- a grid of plantation-style cottages, with Dole Park in the middle -- to house his mostly Japanese and Filipino workers. 
By 1930, Lanai City had 3,000 residents, nearly all of them Dole employees, and the island was exporting 65,000 tons of pineapples a year. 
The company sent landscaping crews to weed and mow workers' lawns. 
It ran an athletics program and built a golf course. 
Life on Lanai was good ; Dole insisted it should be. 
His motto was: Have happy workers, grow better pineapples. 
For 70 years, Lanai was among the world's largest pineapple plantations. 
Then in 1992, the island harvested its last crop. 
Overseas production had driven down prices, and Lanai was left behind. 
By that point, the island had changed hands two more times. 
It was now controlled by the California billionaire David Murdock, who acquired the company Castle & Cooke, which took over Dole Foods' holdings on Lanai in the ’60s. 
Murdock was a somewhat imperial presence on Lanai. 
He referred to residents as his children. 
As the pineapple era wound down, Murdock pivoted Lanai's economy toward tourism. 
He built two resorts -- the first developments on the island besides Lanai City and still the only major ones -- and eventually contracted the Four Seasons to run them. 
Pineapple pickers were retrained as hotel staff and landscapers. 
Lanai was still a company town ; the company just did something different now. 
The transition did not go well. 
Murdock had to steadily infuse the island with money -- as much as $ 20 million or $ 30 million a year, he'd later report. 
By the mid-2000s, he started cutting back. 
He laid off large numbers of workers and began abandoning some of his quasi-governmental responsibilities as the island's majority landowner. 
Buildings fell into disrepair. 
The Chamber of Commerce disbanded. 
As one resident put it, Economically, there was real potential that we might dry up and blow away. 
Eventually, Murdock proposed a way forward: He would build an array of 45-story wind turbines on 20 square miles of the island and sell the electricity they produced to Oahu. 
The idea was controversial. 
It would be a mammoth development on an insistently small-scale island. 
Lanai had been settled by disparate immigrants who had to figure out how to get along, and that history, locals told me, keeps people from dwelling on divisions and differences. 
That's what makes the place so special, one woman explained. 
We still have aloha together. 
But the long fight over what the locals called Big Wind was brutal and divisive. 
Family members stopped talking to one another. 
There were protests in the street. 
Many people who supported the wind turbines saw the protesters as reckless idealists ; they were handcuffing the man the community relied on and driving the island into the ground. 
Murdock seemed to feel the same way. 
By the summer of 2011, he confessed to the editor of the island's newspaper that Lanai had been the poorest financial investment I 've made in my entire life. 
He had only so many options. 
One was to close it all down and leave. 
Instead, he put Lanai up for sale. 
The island rippled with anxiety. 
People worried that Murdock might sell off parts of Lanai to multiple owners, tossing the community into some uncharted, joint-custody arrangement. 
Or that he'd sell to a big resort developer who would shatter the character of the place. 
Oh, my God, he could sell to a Russian oligarch, one woman remembered thinking. 
Another said, We were praying it wasn't some sheikh! 
It wasn't some sheikh. 
It was Larry Ellison. 
It was easy to be hopeful, and the civil war over Big Wind had left people scarred and exhausted with fighting. 
Now Ellison wanted to revive the island, and he had the money to fund his dreams until they came true. 
But was he a utopian businessman like Dole? 
Or a slippery autocrat like Gibson? 
Was he the nightmare god -- or the renegade chief who finally came to vanquish him? 
One morning, nearly two years later, at the Blue Ginger Cafe, I asked Pat Reilly, a 74-year-old regular with a thin white mustache and oversize glasses who has lived on Lanai for more than 30 years, how he felt when he heard that Ellison bought the island. 
Reilly reached over his coffee mug and drew a big, slow question mark in the air, then jabbed his index finger at me to dot the question mark, hard. 
Like a lot of omnipotent forces, Ellison has remained mostly invisible. 
He has visited Lanai many times -- locals told me they can tell he's on the island when they see his yacht hitched in the harbor -- but he seems determined to keep a formal distance from the community, shielding himself behind the executive team of Pulama Lanai, the management company he set up to oversee the island's transformation. 
Although Pulama holds frequent public meetings on Lanai, Ellison has declined to attend any or to address residents directly. 
Several residents told me that they'd resorted to reading biographies of Ellison to learn more about the man -- books that have somewhat disquieting titles like Everyone Else Must Fail and The Difference Between God and Larry Ellison, the punch line being: God doesn't think he's Larry Ellison. 
Ellison's vision for the island was first delivered, by proxy, early last year, at a meeting of the island's Community Plan Advisory Committee. 
These meetings were part of a county-government process to update the island's comprehensive planning document, which dictates everything from zoning and land use to cultural preservation. 
Butch Gima, a Lanai native and social worker who was chairman of the committee, told me that Ellison's takeover put them in a tricky position. 
On one hand, it allowed for greater ambition. 
A new world has opened up, one member told the committee. 
But it also felt strange to chart a course for an island that someone else had taken control of. 
Even the committee's economic research and growth projections might now be obsolete, depending on what Ellison wanted to do. 
And so they invited Pulama's new chief operating officer, Kurt Matsumoto, to brief them. 
Matsumoto was hired to oversee operations on Lanai a couple of months earlier. 
He had a background in running large resorts, but he was also a Lanai Boy, as people kept putting it to me -- he grew up on the island. 
He doesn't come off as being real slick, Gima told me. 
As kids, Gima and Matsumoto were in Boy Scouts together. 
His appointment was encouraging ; the relationship between the island and its new owner had been brought down to a more human scale. 
Matsumoto appeared before the committee in mid-January -- a middle-management Moses coming down the mountain with an important PowerPoint. 
He prefaced his presentation by explaining that Ellison didn't have any firm plans yet, only intentions. 
Then he put up his first slide. 
That night, and in other meetings, Matsumoto unveiled a startlingly ambitious vision for the island. 
He explained that Ellison aimed to build a third resort, this time on the uninhabited southwestern coast, as well as a complex of private estates -- maybe 50 of them, each five or more acres. 
Ellison intended to expand Lanai's airport, adding a bigger runway to accommodate direct flights from the mainland for the first time. 
The limiting factor on Lanai has always been water, but Ellison would build a state-of-the-art desalination plant to produce more fresh water. 
Ellison would expand Lanai City ; build an energy park, where electricity produced with solar panels or photosynthesizing algae would be fed into a new smart grid ; and bring commercial agriculture back to the island, in fields outfitted with sensors to control fertilization and irrigation, so that Lanai could begin to feed itself and even export products, rather than depend on weekly food barges from Oahu. 
Eventually Matsumoto would tell The Wall Street Journal that Ellison hoped to see the island's population double to about 6,000. 
Elsewhere, there was talk of organic wineries and flower farms and an innovative aquaponics-and-hydroponics operation that would raise fish and fruits and vegetables in a sustainable symphony of positive feedback loops. 
Better health care. 
A bowling alley. 
An institute for the study of sustainability. 
A 22-acre film studio. 
A top-flight, residential tennis academy for competitive youth. 
Matsumoto's tone at that first meeting was low-key, humble and inclusive. 
He used words like respect and empower, sharing and investing. 
Then, eventually, he hit his last slide: Mahalo -- Hawaiian for Thank you -- and was done. 
It was hard to formulate any thought-out questions, Gima recalled about the presentation. 
I think people just went, ` Whoa.' 
By the time I visited Lanai last March, there was almost too much happening for one person to keep track of. 
Pulama had gone to work around the island on long-deferred maintenance, renovations and full-bore beautification. 
They'd painted the shops around Dole Park, ripped out old hedges and thinned or chopped down trees to air out the ambience. 
Herds of construction workers moved around Lanai in fluorescent green or orange shirts, then gathered outside Richard's Market at quitting time for drinks and snacks. 
He is renewing, refreshing, rejuvenating every part of the island, said a woman named Mimi Evangelista. 
I feel blessed, blessed beyond my wildest dreams. 
After several years of terrible unemployment, people on Lanai were back to work. 
Within four months of Ellison's purchase, unemployment shot down to 1.2 percent. 
There were new faces everywhere, new luxury cars on the road and lines of new Mercedes vans and Nissan Leafs parked in the company's lot near the center of town. 
Pulama had started a summer program for kids and another program to help high-school students pursue college scholarships, screened Frozen in the park and held an animal-care day so people could get their cats dewormed free. 
They'd opened a Nobu restaurant at one hotel. 
I saw posters advertising free water-aerobics classes at the new community pool. 
There were ukulele lessons and Pilates. 
A month earlier, at an Oracle event in Las Vegas to unveil the company's new cloud software, someone asked Ellison about Lanai, and he pointed out that for the first time, Lanai has a football field where the high school can have home games. 
He also noted, We're empowering the locals to start their own businesses, whether it's in agriculture or a juice bar in Lanai City. 
The juice bar occupies a cabana-like building at one corner of Dole Park and is owned and operated by Tammy Ringbauer, an effusive woman with bright flowers tattooed up her right arm. 
Ringbauer is deep into juicing -- I never saw anyone juice a turmeric root before -- and charges 12 bucks for a large. 
Ringbauer told me she moved to Lanai from Maui just weeks before the change in ownership, and this storefront caught her eye immediately. 
It was the only vacant commercial space in Lanai City, though she had heard that, for some reason, Pulama Lanai kept rejecting entrepreneurs who wanted to lease it. 
Pulama says that it did not turn down any previous applicants. 
When I asked Ringbauer why the company finally gave the lease to her, she hesitated. 
I don't want to say anything wrong, she said. 
Because of the changes that are happening, there's sort of a model we're trying to move in the direction of. 
And I think certain businesses may not fit into that model. 
She thought her vision was aligned with Pulama's: She was using locally grown, organic produce and compostable to-go cups. 
I'm explaining the benefits of juicing, I'm educating, she said. 
Later, I heard that Ellison himself had come in for a juice a couple of times, sitting on a stool and sipping away like a regular person. 
I couldn't find any other small businesses that had started up on Lanai since Ellison's purchase. 
But there were stories about entrepreneurs, like the owners of the island's wood shop, who had approached Pulama for leases or partnerships only to be offered a job with the company instead -- which was good but allowed Pulama to preserve its hold on the economy. 
Ringbauer had no complaints. 
If we all work together, she said, we're going to thrive. 
The wooden sign hanging behind her register read: No whining. 
No complaining. 
No frowning. 
Only hugs, smiles and warm feelings are allowed. 
Thank you. 
Despite my many phone calls and emails to Pulama Lanai's office, requesting interviews with its senior staff members, the company basically wanted nothing to do with me. 
A couple of walk-in visits to the office, and to the standoffish man named Roger who worked the reception desk there, also got me nowhere. 
One time, trying to at least make small talk with Roger before he turned me away, I said, It's beautiful, what you 've done here, by which I meant the renovated office lobby, with its marble floors and Pier 1-esque furnishings and the carved, hardwood box where locals drop their rent checks. 
Yes, it is, Roger replied, barely looking up from his computer. 
Eventually a public-relations contractor based in Honolulu told me that the company is still in the planning phase and would not be participating in this article. 
Another obstacle: Roughly half of the adults on the island are employed by Pulama Lanai or its hotels, and nearly everyone else, it seems, has a sister or uncle who is -- or else relies on the company indirectly for a livelihood or lives in a house that Pulama Lanai owns. 
Lots of people told me that they were instructed not to talk to reporters or that they just didn't want to risk upsetting the company. 
One young man delivered a long, seemingly rehearsed preamble, insisting that he absolutely had to remain anonymous and that any opinions he expressed were his alone and did not reflect the views of either Pulama Lanai or his employer, which did business with Pulama and which I also shouldn't name. 
I expected something inflammatory, but his opinion was this: There's a lot of complainers -- some people aren't happy -- but they don't realize how much they have. 
It's just awesome! 
Well, yes and no. 
As it turns out, my perception of Pulama Lanai -- as a vast, mostly incommunicative force -- was pretty close to that of many residents I was meeting. 
They didn't necessarily understand how that force operated either, but they saw its handiwork everywhere. 
And some of it didn't feel awesome at all. 
For starters, Pulama had inadvertently intensified a housing shortage on Lanai. 
There was so much work that contractors had to be shuttled in daily or weekly from other islands or relocated. 
A few off-island construction companies bought up housing in Lanai City in anticipation of winning contracts from Pulama, and the island's independent landlords found they could demand higher rents from the remaining workers. 
Though the company was busily fixing up cottages to rent out, many displaced locals wound up on Pulama's indeterminably long waiting list for housing, which they believed Pulama employees were bypassing. 
The process didn't feel transparent or fair, and Pulama was resisting calls for a town-hall meeting about the issue. 
Later, I attended one of the company's informational meetings about renovations at the Four Seasons -- We're adding two new teppanyaki stations, a Pulama representative explained -- and watched residents try to derail its narrow agenda. 
It's something you folks never even anticipated! 
one older man said. 
He was leaning on his walker, raising his voice. 
You took all the housing! 
It all went poof! 
By now, there was growing awareness that Pulama's rhetoric of openness and collaboration didn't always match its actions. 
Some people wondered whether the company was hiding its real agenda behind a veneer of egalitarianism and good manners. 
As a schoolteacher named Karen de Brum put it: At the end of the day, Mr. Ellison can and will do what he wants. 
He asks for input, but that's like me asking for input on what to do with my backyard. 
I own my backyard. 
A 27-year-old Lanai native named Zane de la Cruz told me that he was starting to think that communication is actually worse than under the previous owner, because there's a false sense of good communication. 
He elaborated: They give out a lot worthless information. 
They give you buzzwords. 
At one meeting, a Pulama executive, Arlan Chun, was asked how much residents would pay for water from the new desalination plant and how Ellison expected to recoup his costs. 
Chun suggested that Ellison wasn't concerned with costs. 
The mandate we have is to move the island forward, he said. 
De la Cruz told me: Well, yeah, that's a fun and fancy thing to say, but someone is going to need to pay for this. 
And if Larry Ellison decides, five years from now, that he doesn't want to play this game anymore, we 'll be paying for it then. 
John Ornellas, chairman of the island's planning commission, said he was struggling to get a straight answer about what would happen if Ellison dies. 
He does do a lot adventurous things, Ornellas noted ; for example, there's a rumor -- the truth of which remains murky -- that Ellison once flew a fighter jet under the Golden Gate Bridge. 
And Diana Shaw, who directs the Lanai Community Health Center, one of two medical providers on the island, said that Pulama ignored her requests for an introductory meeting for months. 
They kept talking publicly about the health care system and how they were going to improve it and enhance it and change it, Shaw said. 
But nobody came and talked to us. 
We are the health care system -- at least 50 percent of it. 
Finally Pulama reps sat down with her. 
The meeting didn't go well. 
Shaw described one executive as the master of spin. 
At a small gathering one night, over pizza and beer, a retired school principal, Pierce Myers, explained it to me this way: The hope is real. 
The potential is fantastic. 
And yet lots of residents can't help seeing everything Ellison does through a scrim of suspicion and uncertainty. 
He went on: This place was developed on the backs of humble people ; people who cared for each other. 
When you live on an island, you can't afford to make enemies. 
A compassion grows from that. 
Now it feels like everything's being driven from outside by some force that is not part of that tradition. 
Eventually the man sitting next to Myers spoke up. 
Any changes are going to be uncomfortable, but the changes are happening so fast, he said quietly. 
His name was Anthony Kaauamo Pacheco. 
He is 29 and was born on Lanai but left to study filmmaking on Oahu. 
Two years ago, he came back to the island. 
He wanted to inspire would-be filmmakers there to tell their own stories ; he even imagined drawing Hollywood productions to Lanai. 
But there wasn't an obvious way to start. 
For the last two years, he'd been teaching film at the school, unpaid. 
That afternoon, as a critical exercise, Pacheco had shown his students a promotional video produced by Love Lanai, a new branding campaign that Pulama was using to pitch the island to affluent tourists. 
Love Lanai is the brainchild of a Southern Californian approachable luxury brand consultant named Audrey Cavenecia. 
Cavenecia has previously worked as a personal life redesigner and developed a reality show for E! 
, The Apology Concierge, which curates high-end apologies -- like for wealthy people who cheat on their wives. 
The video showed swirling aerial footage of the island's beaches and cliffs, a man on a windy ridge getting down on one knee to propose and a woman on horseback rising from her saddle slightly, feeling free. 
It had been posted to YouTube with the caption: For Love Lanai, compassionate luxury is more than just a phrase, it's an action of purpose, which doesn't really make sense. 
In an interview that Pachecho found online and showed to his students, Cavenecia explained that she created Love Lanai to tell the stories of everyday Lanaians as their lives, under Ellison, improved. 
It was the kind of work Pacheco had come home to encourage. 
But for a branding consultant to tell those stories, as promotional material for high-end tourists, felt a little exploitative. 
I'm not a spectacle, he said. 
He seemed to be having trouble sorting out his feelings -- deciding whether his skepticism was warranted or just reflexive. 
Most of the island was private property when Pacheco was growing up too, but Murdock left a smaller footprint, tending to focus mainly on his hotels. 
It never felt like I was trespassing, Pacheco said. 
Now it did. 
He said he wasn't sure he wanted to live on Lanai anymore. 
Then, two weeks later, in the middle of April, Pacheco's situation improved. 
Pulama Lanai funded his teaching position as part of its commitment to improve education. 
He had a way to support his family now and resources to start the idealistic work he'd come back to Lanai to do. 
He'd also signed a nondisclosure agreement with the company and couldn't talk to me anymore. 
The course, which is attached to the smaller of the two Four Seasons hotels and abuts Allen's neighborhood on the hillside above Lanai City, had been slated for renovation at the beginning of the year. 
Pulama ripped out the turf and irrigation systems, but little else happened after that. 
Finally in May, the Jack Nicklaus design-company employee who had been relocated with his family to Lanai to oversee the redesign was abruptly sent home. 
He told neighbors that the golf-course renovation had been put off until 2015 or 2016. 
By then, mosquitoes were breeding on the course. 
The ponds' stench blew through peoples' homes. 
It smells like a sewer up here, Allen told me in early July when I called for an update. 
Allen owns a gift shop in town and looks a little like Meryl Streep when she smiles. 
When we met on her patio back in March, she was adamantly optimistic ; she went on and on, telling me I feel like I'm living in a utopia! 
and claiming to have inside information that Ellison was outfitting Lanai with 4G cellular service. 
Not even Honolulu has 4G! 
she said. 
Actually it does. 
Now she was distraught. 
It wasn't just the golf course ; there were other signs of Pulama Lanai's incompetence, or maybe just its insensitivity -- it was tough to tell which. 
I don't think Mr. Ellison's trying to hurt people, she told me on the phone, but I don't think he realizes what a delicate little ecosystem the economy is here. 
We were so zealous: ` Oh, my God, he's coming to save our island!' 
It just feels like everything's in limbo now. 
All of a sudden, there's a fear factor: ` What are we going to do if this thing falls apart?' 
I flew back to Lanai a few days later. 
A lot had gone subtly sideways since my first visit, as the company transitioned from the easy work of sprucing up the island to rolling out its reimagined version. 
A central problem seemed to be that Pulama underestimated the difficulties that came with building on Lanai, where materials and labor have to be brought in. 
In May, with work on the island consuming more and more resources, Philip Simon -- an accountant, and president of another of Ellison's companies, Lawrence Investments -- was called in to consult with Pulama executives. 
At public meetings, Pulama was now explaining that it had given up on the second airport runway and was also downshifting the $ 27 million makeover of the existing Four Seasons at Manele Bay too: The company would renovate only half the resort this year and was scrambling to finish in time for a large booking in October. 
Around town, the event was rumored to be a giant party for Ellison's daughter, Megan. 
There were now 360 contractors on the job, many of them living at the hotel and in half of the other Four Seasons as well. 
Just before I arrived, Ellison bought the small Hotel Lanai at the top of Dole Park -- the last hotel on the island -- and was filling it with workers every Monday through Friday, too. 
Ornellas, head of the Lanai Planning Commission, told me that lately the gist of his conversations with company executives was: The infrastructure can't support their lofty goals. 
On such a small island, every adjustment Pulama made to its plans had repercussions, and the strain of disenfranchisement I encountered in the spring was spreading, as more stories of the company's apparent carelessness or undependability surfaced. 
Late last year, for example, Pulama told the owners of Trilogy Excursions -- a large family-owned business based in Maui that, among other things, runs diving tours for hotel guests on Lanai and whose employees hand out a free turkey and a bag of rice to every family on the island at Thanksgiving -- that in October, the Four Seasons would begin running its own dive operation. 
Then this spring, Pulama recanted ; they were delaying that plan. 
This was good news for Trilogy, except that several of its employees, presuming they'd be out of work, had already taken other jobs, and the company was now short-staffed. 
It's possible that, internally, Ellison's management team had reasonable explanations for what was being experienced as aloofness and disarray. 
But down here, on Lanai, locals worried that the inscrutable engineer remaking their island was either turning away from his creation or -- worse -- incapable of manning all those knobs and switches as competently as they'd believed. 
People's lives were entangled in each decision ; all the instability was upsetting their sense of the future. 
Pretty soon, it's not going to be the Lanaian way of living here anymore, Mike Lopez, Trilogy's director of operations, told me one afternoon. 
Everybody feels that now. 
Then, all of a sudden, he shot out: See, this guy here! 
and gestured across the street, to a willowy man with a gray beard, in a ball cap and sunglasses, standing at the edge of Dole Park. 
It was a new face that Lopez kept noticing around, always alone. 
I don't know if they put people in to observe the atmosphere or what, he said. 
I turned around. 
The man, who'd paused next to a garbage can, quickly walked away. 
I'm not really equipped to judge whether a stranger on Lanai looks sinister or not. 
But neither was Lopez anymore, and that was the point. 
The planned desalination plant, already in its first phase of construction near the Four Seasons at Manele Bay, was a linchpin in Ellison's vision ; by converting up to 10 million gallons of salinated groundwater into fresh water a day, it would make more development and population growth possible. 
Earlier this year, the company went to the Lanai Planning Commission for a 30-year special-use permit to operate the plant. 
The commission, made up of nine residents, is the one body of truly local government on Lanai. 
Everything else on the island gets decided by the county government, on Maui, or the state, in Honolulu. 
And it's worth noting that while Ellison has declined to meet with Lanai residents, he hosted Alan Arakawa -- the mayor of Maui County, which includes Lanai -- for lunch on his yacht and held two big-ticket fund-raisers for Gov. Neil Abercrombie before Abercrombie lost his primary in August. 
But after months of hearings, the Planning Commission rejected Pulama's request and decided to issue a permit for 15 years instead. 
The move may sound insignificant, but as Robin Kaye, a longtime resident, who helped lead the resistance to Murdock's wind farm, pointed out, This is the first time in two years, in a formal way, that any part of the community has said no to something Pulama has asked. 
And it provoked the first instance of outright intransigence the community had seen from Pulama. 
During one of the final meetings about the plant in June, Kurt Matsumoto kept issuing the same ultimatum: Without a guarantee of 30 years of operation, he said, the company probably wouldn't build the plant. 
It just wouldn't be worth the investment. 
It's not a threat, Matsumoto explained, adding later: But we're not here to negotiate that tonight. 
When I ran into Pat Reilly, the gentleman I met at the Blue Ginger Cafe in the spring, he broke down the altercation for me. 
It was starting to feel as if Matsumoto and his team saw the local political process as an annoyance, he said. 
They weren't acting like elected officials, building public support for their agenda ; they were acting like they owned the place -- because they did. 
The local people want a say, Reilly explained. 
And this was their chance. 
It was a display of power. 
Psychologically, it makes all kinds of sense to me. 
By now, the standoff was taking on an ugly feel. 
Many residents felt the commission had acted impetuously, handcuffing Ellison the same way activists sabotaged Murdock's wind-farm proposal -- even if, in this case, the commission wasn't actually opposed to the plant and had, in fact, given the project a green light. 
The commission, meanwhile, had just received a stern letter from Pulama's attorney on Maui, laying out a complicated argument attacking a separate restriction written into the permit. 
The restriction stipulated that, once the plant was up and running, the hotel and surrounding homes could only draw water from the island's main aquifer in emergencies, and only then for human consumption. 
One afternoon, I was waiting out a rain shower in one of Pulama's Four Seasons, enjoying a very expensive ginger ale and some free popcorn, when I overheard a woman venting to the bartender about the commission's audacity and underhandedness. 
This is a lot of money they're playing with! 
she said. 
She grumbled about one former commissioner in particular, whom she saw as a ringleader, and huffed, What was she thinking? 
She went on and got louder, until she'd finally talked herself out. 
Thirty minutes later, I walked into a public meeting that Pulama was holding at the old union hall in town and saw the owner of a luxury home near the resort -- a very large man in a polo shirt -- standing over Pat Reilly, pointing and shouting: Talk some sense into those people! 
They want to shut off our water! 
I also saw the woman from the bar, smiling and offering people pastries and bottled water: it was Lynn McCrory, Pulama's senior vice president of government affairs. 
On Sept. 12, Pulama suddenly stopped construction at the desalination plant. 
It was unclear when -- or even if -- it would restart. 
Sounds like the baby couldn't get his way, Ornellas, the head of the Planning Commission, told me. 
It's sad it had to come to this. 
Before I'd ever been to Lanai, I watched a public-television interview online with a man named Kepa Maly, who was an authority on the island's cultural history, and an unlikely one. 
He wasn't Hawaiian but a white man in a faded aloha shirt, with large, wire-frame glasses and a soft, breathy voice. 
Even on the Internet, everything about him felt welcoming and also a little square. 
He reminded me of a children's folk singer from the ’70s. 
Maly was born on Oahu, he explained to the interviewer. 
As a child, he felt disconnected and lost, and eventually he was taken in by the Kaopuikis, one of Lanai's oldest families. 
Mr. and Mrs. Kaopuiki were born in the 1890s, 30 years before James Dole planted his first pineapple on Lanai, and they raised Maly the way they raised their 14 other children: speaking Hawaiian and steeped in the island's history and traditions. 
Maly was enthralled, and ever since he has dedicated his life to perpetuating traditional Hawaiian culture. 
He was now executive director of the Lanai Culture and Heritage Center, a nonprofit museum at the top of Dole Park. 
Kepa was the name the Kaopuikis gave him. 
It means to embrace. 
I called Maly, but never heard back. 
So one afternoon in March, I knocked on the door of the small blue house where I was told he worked. 
I'd just started to introduce myself when the openness on his face collapsed into what seemed like embarrassment. 
He knew who I was, he said. 
I guess it was rude not to call you back. 
But I have to be cautious. 
The thing was, he'd taken a job at Pulama Lanai. 
He wanted to talk with me, but I needed to clear it with the company first. 
After some phone calls, and another fruitless face-off with the impregnable Roger, the company surprised me: I would be allowed to interview Maly the next day. 
My experience with the previous owner was a challenging one, he explained when we reconvened. 
But all that difficulty went away when Ellison arrived. 
It was really awesome! 
he said. 
Last year, Pulama hired him as its senior vice president of culture and historic preservation. 
He has 10 employees now. 
A crew was out that afternoon clearing the area around the religious center of ancient Lanai, and they'd soon be restoring ancient fish ponds and taro fields. 
It was the sort of stewardship he'd continually asked the island's previous ownership to support. 
Now, all the things we were talking about, but really struggling on, we are out in the field doing, he said. 
Maly had not yet met Ellison, but he believed that Ellison understood that investing in the preservation of Lanai's culture and history is, at the very least, good business. 
Today's tourists, especially wealthy ones, value more than beaches and mai tais. 
It's place-based now. 
People want ` authentic.' 
People want real experiences, he said. 
I'd heard the same explanation that morning from Tom Roelens, the manager of the Four Seasons at Manele Bay. 
Roelens led me through a newly renovated room, noting all the local touches, like the wall panel illustrating the story of the demigod Maui and the canoe paddle over the toilet. 
It's just a stunning room product, Roelens beamed. 
It truly reflects Hawaii. 
Often, he said, resorts insulate guests from the community. 
But on Lanai, the owner of the resort wasn't in competition with the surroundings ; he owned most of those, too. 
Lanai is this entire experience, Roelens said. 
And the people of Lanai are part of that experience, as well. 
Nearly a quarter of the island works at the two hotels, he explained, and the company believes improving residents' quality of life will truly translate to the guest experience. 
Ellison had once articulated this philosophy himself: We think, If we do a good job taking care of the locals, the locals will do a good job taking care of our visitors. 
It sounded like the same Silicon Valley philosophy that spawned all the epicurean cafeterias, yoga classes and nap pods on tech-company campuses -- amenities designed to keep engineers happy and maximize their productivity. 
But now, in his office, Kepa Maly reminded me that it was a much older model too, and one that Lanai had fared pretty well under. 
It's just like Dole said, he said. 
Have happy workers, grow better pineapples. 
I asked Maly if he had doubts about going to work for Pulama. 
Yes, initially, he said. 
And I have to tell you, sometimes I question my ability to be a good assessor of people's integrity. 
But he pressed company executives, and they assured him that they were committed to protecting the island's cultural resources. 
I have to believe that, he told me. 
We have to. 
He explained that, when he was a newcomer to Lanai, people could have viewed him with the same mistrust some felt toward Ellison. 
Instead, they welcomed him. 
I was blessed that some of the oldest families on Lanai took aloha for me, and taught me their language and shared their histories. 
It gave me my whole life, Maly said. 
I realize that we can always be cynical, and question motives, he added. 
But it's also just a junk way to live. 
He wanted to show me something: There are three words printed on Pulama's business cards: Preservation. 
Progress. 
Sustainability. 
His work -- preservation -- is one of those words. 
It's the first one, he noted. 
He said it with conviction, as if he were lucky enough to live in some unspoiled world where the slogan on a corporation's business cards reflected its genuine values. 
Maybe he still did. 
But maybe he didn't anymore. 
What is an NYT Now subscription? 
What do I get when I subscribe? 
When you subscribe to NYT Now you will get unlimited access to the NYT Now app for iPhone and NYT Now stories on NYTimes.com. 
NYT Now subscriptions do not include unlimited access to NYTimes.com, the NYTimes app for tablet, the NYTimes app for smartphone, Premium Crosswords or The New York Times Crosswords apps. 
Yes. 
In addition to the stories marked with a green diamond, NYT Now subscribers may view up to 10 non-NYT Now articles each month. 
I'm a New York Times subscriber. 
Do I get access to NYT Now? 
Yes! 
Both print and digital New York Times subscribers have unlimited access to the NYT Now app. 
Download the app now via iTunes ®. 
Friedman, Krugman, Brooks, Collins, Dowd. 
Get unlimited access to the most influential minds in journalism. 
Stay on top of the conversation with continuous updates. 
Connect directly with columnists in live question and answer sessions. 
And save your favorite pieces to read later. 
The New York Times presents a comprehensive library of medical topics, including in-depth articles on diseases, conditions, tests, symptoms, injuries and surgeries. 
The encyclopedic reference is frequently updated and reviewed by doctors, medical writers and editors. 
Within the guide are extensive links to The Times's own archive of news and features. 
The Times Guide also includes Times Essentials, a series of articles by reporters for The New York Times that provides the latest news on the most common diseases and conditions. 
Times Essentials puts the most recent scientific findings in perspective and includes interviews with leading experts as well as links to a wide range of resources designed to help you better understand and manage your health. 
1.2 We may change, add or remove portions of these Terms of Service at any time, which shall become effective immediately upon posting. 
It is your responsibility to review these Terms of Service prior to each use of the Site and by continuing to use this Site, you agree to any changes. 
1.3 IF ANY OF THESE RULES OR ANY FUTURE CHANGES ARE UNACCEPTABLE TO YOU, YOU MAY CANCEL YOUR MEMBERSHIP BY SENDING E-MAIL TO: cancel@nytimes.com SEE SECTION 10.1 REGARDING TERMINATION OF SERVICE. 
YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THE SERVICES NOW, OR FOLLOWING THE POSTING OF NOTICE OF ANY CHANGES IN THESE OPERATING RULES, WILL INDICATE ACCEPTANCE BY YOU OF SUCH RULES, CHANGES, OR MODIFICATIONS. 
1.4 We may change, suspend or discontinue any aspect of the Services at any time, including the availability of any Services feature, database, or content. 
We may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your access to parts or all of the Services without notice or liability. 
2.1 The contents of the Services, including the Site, are intended for your personal, noncommercial use. 
All materials published on the Services including, but not limited to news articles, photographs, images, illustrations, audio clips and video clips, also known as the Content are protected by copyright, and owned or controlled by The New York Times Company or the party credited as the provider of the Content. 
You shall abide by all additional copyright notices, information, or restrictions contained in any Content accessed through the Service. 
2.2 The Services and Contents are protected by copyright pursuant to U.S. and international copyright laws. 
You may not modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, reproduce except as provided in Section 2.3 of these Terms of Service, create new works from, distribute, perform, display, or in any way exploit, any of the Content or the Services including software in whole or in part. 
2.3 You may download or copy the Content and other downloadable items displayed on the Services for personal use only, provided that you maintain all copyright and other notices contained therein. 
Copying or storing of any Content for other than personal use is expressly prohibited without prior written permission from The New York Times Rights and Permissions Department, or the copyright holder identified in the copyright notice contained in the Content. 
2.4 The Content of the Services is owned or licensed to NYT. 
Certain Content is furnished by the Associated Press and Reuters, which will not be liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions in any such Content, or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof, or for any damages arising therefrom. 
Be courteous. 
You agree that you will not threaten or verbally abuse other Members, use defamatory language, or deliberately disrupt discussions with repetitive messages, meaningless messages or spam. 
Use respectful language. 
Like any community, the online conversation flourishes only when our Members feel welcome and safe. 
You agree not to use language that abuses or discriminates on the basis of race, religion, nationality, gender, sexual preference, age, region, disability, etc.. 
Hate speech of any kind is grounds for immediate and permanent suspension of access to all or part of the Services. 
Debate, but don't attack. 
In a community full of opinions and preferences, people always disagree. 
NYT encourages active discussions and welcomes heated debate on the Services, but personal attacks are a direct violation of these Terms of Service and are grounds for immediate and permanent suspension of access to all or part of the Service. 
3.2 The Services shall be used only in a noncommercial manner. 
You shall not, without the express approval of NYT, distribute or otherwise publish any material containing any solicitation of funds, advertising or solicitation for goods or services. 
Submissions made to the Services may also be included in our RSS feeds, APIs and made available for republishing through other formats.
3.5 You are solely responsible for the content of your Submissions. 
However, while NYT does not and can not review every Submission and is not responsible for the content of these messages, NYT reserves the right to delete, move, or edit Submissions that it, in its sole discretion, deems abusive, defamatory, obscene, in violation of copyright or trademark laws, or otherwise unacceptable. 
4. 
ACCESS AND AVAILABILITY OF SERVICES AND LINKS 
4.1 The Services contain links to other related World Wide Web Internet sites, resources, and advertisers. 
Since we are not responsible for the availability of these outside resources, or their contents, you should direct any concerns regarding any external link to the site administrator or Webmaster of such site. 
5.1 You represent, warrant and covenant a that no materials of any kind submitted through your account will i violate, plagiarize, or infringe upon the rights of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy or other personal or proprietary rights ; or ii contain libelous or otherwise unlawful material ; and b that you are at least thirteen years old. 
You hereby indemnify, defend and hold harmless NYT and all officers, directors, owners, agents, information providers, affiliates, licensors and licensees collectively, the Indemnified Parties from and against any and all liability and costs, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees, incurred by the Indemnified Parties in connection with any claim arising out of any breach by you or any user of your account of these Terms of Service or the foregoing representations, warranties and covenants. 
You shall cooperate as fully as reasonably required in the defense of any such claim. 
NYT reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you. 
NYT does not represent or endorse the accuracy or reliability of any advice, opinion, statement, or other information displayed, uploaded, or distributed through the Services by any user, information provider or any other person or entity.
You acknowledge that any reliance upon any such opinion, advice, statement, memorandum, or information shall be at your sole risk. 
THE SERVICES AND ALL DOWNLOADABLE SOFTWARE ARE DISTRIBUTED ON AN AS IS BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF TITLE OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. 
YOU HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT USE OF THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. 
As part of the registration or account creation process, you will create login credentials by selecting a password and providing an e-mail address.
You also have to give us certain registration information, all of which must be accurate and updated. 
Each registration is for a single user only. 
You are not allowed to share your registration login credentials or give your login credentials to anyone else. 
We may cancel or suspend your access to the NYT Services if you share your login credentials. 
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password, which you will not have to reveal to any representative or agent of NYT. 
You may not i select or use the login credentials of another person with the intent to impersonate that person ; ii use login credentials in which another person has rights without such person's authorization ; or iii use login credentials that we, in our sole discretion, deem offensive. 
Failure to comply with the foregoing shall constitute a breach of these Terms of Service, which may result in immediate suspense or termination of your account. 
You are responsible for all usage or activity on your NYTimes.com account, including use of the account by any third party authorized by you to use your login credentials.
Any fraudulent, abusive, or otherwise illegal activity may be grounds for termination of your account, at our sole discretion, and we may refer you to appropriate law enforcement agencies. 
7.1. 
We reserve the right at any time to charge fees for access to portions of the Services or the Services as a whole. 
However, in no event will you be charged for access to the Services unless we obtain your prior agreement to pay such charges. 
Thus, if at any time we require a fee for portions of the Services that are now free, we will give you advance notice of such fees. 
You may cancel your account at any time. 
All new fees, if any, will be posted prominently on the Site and in other appropriate locations on the Service. 
You shall pay all fees and charges incurred through your account at the rates in effect for the billing period in which such fees and charges are incurred, including, but not limited to charges for any digital products or services offered for sale through the Services by us or by any other vendor or service provider. 
All fees and charges shall be billed to and paid for by you. 
You shall pay all applicable taxes relating to use of the Services through your account. 
8.3 NYT reserves the right to disclose information about your usage and demographics, provided that it will not reveal your personal identity in connection with the disclosure of such information. 
Advertisers and/or Licensees on our Web site may collect and share personal information about you only if you indicate your acceptance. 
For more information please read our Privacy Policy. 
8.4 NYT may contact you via e-mail regarding your participation in user surveys, asking for feedback on current Services or prospective products and services. 
This information will be used to improve the Services and better understand our users, and any information we obtain in such surveys will not be shared with third parties, except in aggregate form. 
You shall have no rights to the proprietary software and related documentation, or any enhancements or modifications thereto, provided to you in order to access the Services Software.
You may not sublicense, assign or transfer any licenses granted by NYTimes.com, and any attempt at such sublicense, assignment or transfer shall be null and void. 
You may make one copy of such software for archival purposes only. 
You may not otherwise copy, distribute, modify, reverse engineer, or create derivative works from Software. 
10.1 You may terminate your account at any time by calling Customer Care at -LRB-800-RRB- 591-9233. 
For international customers, e-mail us at help@nytimes.com. 
Upon termination, you will receive an automated confirmation via e-mail that the cancellation was processed, and your access will be suspended within 24 hours. 
Termination of paid digital products will be governed by our Cancellation and Refund Policy for Digital Products. 
11.1 These Terms of Service have been made in and shall be construed and enforced in accordance with New York law. 
Any action to enforce these Terms of Service shall be brought in the federal or state courts located in New York City. 
11.4 You agree to report any copyright violations of the Terms of Service to The New York Times as soon as you become aware of them. 
In the event you have a claim of copyright infringement with respect to material that is contained in the NYTimes.com service, please notify copyrights@nytimes.com. 
Please direct all general questions to help@nytimes.com. 
1. 
GENERAL TERMS OF SALE 
1.1. 
Definitions 
1.2. 
About Digital Products 
1.3. 
Processing and Payment 
1.4. 
Pricing 
1.5. 
Billing 
1.5.1. 
Billing of Digital Subscriptions 
1.5.2. 
Billing of One-Time Purchases 
1.6. 
Unpaid Charges 
1.7. 
Promotions 
1.8. 
Software Products 
1.9. 
Third Parties 
2.1. 
Cancellation and Refunds of Digital Subscriptions 
2.2. 
Changing Your Subscription 
2.3. 
Cancellation and Refunds of One-Time Purchases 
You are not required to purchase anything for certain limited use of NYTimes.com or the NYTimes apps. 
However, if you do not purchase a subscription or product, your access to NYTimes content and services will be limited. 
You can review the various NYTimes digital subscriptions here. 
We also offer other products and services, such as crosswords, gift subscriptions, e-books and articles from our archive. 
The purchase of a gift subscription is a one-time purchase ; for more information, see the Gift Subscriptions FAQ. 
The New York Times will process your purchase as promptly as possible. 
There may be a delay in the activation of your product while payment details are verified. 
We accept major credit cards and PayPal. 
We reserve the right to reject any order or purchase at any time. 
If your initial payment authorization is later revoked, your subscription, product or access will be terminated. 
Contact our Customer Care group if you believe your access was terminated in error. 
When you purchase a digital product, the price will be made clear during the order process. 
You agree to pay the price that is stated at the time of your order, as well as any applicable taxes. 
You also agree to the billing frequency stated at the time of your order. 
Discount eligibility is determined at the time of the order. 
Discounts can not be applied retroactively. 
The New York Times reserves the right to change prices and fees at any time. 
We will notify you in advance if the regular rate of a product changes from what was stated at the time of your order. 
You will have the opportunity to accept the new price or cancel your subscription or purchase from that point forward. 
Applicable taxes may vary. 
We are not able to notify you in advance of changes in applicable taxes. 
If a stated price is determined by us in our sole discretion to be in error, we are not under any obligation to offer you the product at that price. 
We will notify you of the error and give you the opportunity to cancel your order and obtain a refund if payment has already been made. 
Your subscription may not include access to all areas of the digital product, and you may have to pay additional fees to fully access those products. 
These additional charges will be clearly stated. 
When you use your digital product, you may incur other additional charges from third party service providers, such as telecommunications fees, data fees or service provider fees. 
You are responsible for paying any additional charges. 
We will charge or debit your payment method at the beginning of your subscription or, if applicable, at the end of your free trial period. 
Billing will continue according to the cycle stated at the time of your order. 
All NYTimes digital subscriptions are renewed automatically. 
When we renew your subscription, we will use the payment method currently associated with your account. 
If you redeem a gift subscription and choose to extend your subscription at the time of redemption, your subscription will renew automatically. 
You can view your payment method at any time in the My Account area of NYTimes.com. 
You will not be notified in advance of impending renewals. 
Please see our Cancellation and Refund policy below for information about canceling. 
If your credit card expires or your payment method is otherwise invalid, your subscription or product will not automatically be terminated. 
You will remain responsible for all charges. 
We may occasionally offer promotions. 
The specific terms of each promotion are stated at the time the promotion is offered. 
Each promotion may be different. 
Promotions can not be combined. 
You are required to provide your payment details when you sign up for a promotion. 
At the end of the promotion, you will automatically be signed up for the related subscription or purchase that will begin at the end of the promotional period. 
We will not notify you in advance that the promotion is about to end. 
To cancel and avoid being charged, you must notify us before the promotion ends. 
If you have purchased your product through a third party, these Terms of Sale may not apply to you. 
We are not liable to you for any claims related to purchases made through third parties. 
Please contact the third party directly. 
You can change or cancel your digital subscription at any time by calling Customer Care at -LRB-800-RRB- 591-9233. 
For international customers, please email us at help@nytimes.com. 
Group Subscription billing cycles and terms of cancellations may differ and are governed by the terms set forth in the Group Subscription Purchase Order. 
Digital products sold as an add-on to your home delivery subscription, such as Times Premier, may have different cancellation or refund policies. 
When you cancel a subscription based on a monthly or 4-week cycle, you cancel only future charges associated with your subscription. 
You may notify us of your intent to cancel at any time, but the cancellation will become effective at the end of your current billing period. 
Cancellations are effective the following billing cycle. 
You will not receive a refund for the current billing cycle. 
You will continue to have the same access and benefits of your product for the remainder of the current billing period. 
We reserve the right to issue refunds or credits at our sole discretion. 
If we issue a refund or credit, we are under no obligation to issue the same or similar refund in the future. 
If you cancel in the final 30 days of your subscription year, the cancellation will not take effect until the end of your current billing period. 
Your access and privileges will continue to the end of the current billing period, and you will not receive a refund. 
We reserve the right to issue refunds or credits at our sole discretion. 
If we issue a refund or credit, we are under no obligation to issue the same or similar refund in the future. 
We reserve the right to make changes to our digital products at any time. 
If we temporarily reduce or eliminate the charge for content or access that you are currently paying for under different terms, you will not receive a refund. 
We reserve the right to suspend or terminate your subscription or product for any reason, with or without notice and without further obligation. 
You will not be entitled to a refund in these circumstances. 
If any or all of our digital products are temporarily unavailable, you will not receive a refund. 
We reserve the right to issue refunds or credits at our sole discretion. 
If we issue a refund or credit, we are under no obligation to issue the same or similar refund in the future. 
One-time purchases can not be canceled or refunded. 
For more information on the cancellation terms for gift subscriptions, see the Gift Subscriptions FAQ. 
We reserve the right to issue refunds or credits at our sole discretion. 
If we issue a refund or credit, we are under no obligation to issue the same or similar refund in the future. 
We reserve the right to make changes to our digital products at any time. 
If we temporarily reduce or eliminate the charge for content or access that you are currently paying for under different terms, you will not receive a refund. 
If any or all of our digital products are temporarily unavailable, you will not receive a refund. 
We reserve the right to issue refunds or credits at our sole discretion. 
If we issue a refund or credit, we are under no obligation to issue the same or similar refund in the future. 
All his adult life, Paul Ward heard his parents say they wanted their bodies given to a medical school after their deaths. 
They felt that training a new doctor would be a gift to society, he said. 
In 2011, his 93-year-old father, Ralph, suddenly took ill and entered hospice care. 
So Mr. Ward's wife, Maureen Arrigo, undertook to arrange a donation. 
Giving a body to science proved more difficult than expected, however. 
Ms. Arrigo first called the University of Southern California. 
No go. 
You had to be within either an hour's drive or a certain number of miles, she recalled. 
The nursing home where Ralph Ward was dying was too far away. 
Next, Ms. Arrigo tried nearby Loma Linda University School of Medicine. 
It required a form signed by the donor himself, not a family member, even one with power of attorney. 
Her father-in-law, by that point, was well beyond being able to sign anything, she said. 
It would make my mother-in-law very sad not to be able to do this last thing for him, Ms. Arrigo said. 
I was frantic to make it happen. 
The university emailed a simple document, collected Ralph Ward's body after he died and asked whether his widow wanted the cremains returned to her or scattered at sea. 
She chose the latter option. 
Though many of the nation's 170 medical schools have begun to supplement their anatomy labs with digital instruction, all still use cadavers for some aspect of their medical education, said Richard Drake, director of anatomy at the Cleveland Clinic Lerner College of Medicine and a board member of the American Association of Anatomists. 
It's still one of the best ways to learn anatomy. 
You're less likely, if a relative is near death or has just died, to hear anything about donating his or her body. 
Nobody's there making a pitch, said Sheldon Kurtz, who teaches health law at the University of Iowa College of Law and was the principal drafter of the 2006 act. 
The law says that if the donor didn't arrange during his lifetime to donate his body, family members can do so on his behalf unless he signed a form refusing donation. 
Family members can do so even without holding power of attorney. 
A spouse, children, parents or grandparents -- it's an inclusive list, Mr. Kurtz said. 
As with any gift, the recipient has to agree, Mr. Kurtz said. 
They tend to be a little picky. 
For example, as the Ward/Arrigo family discovered, some schools will not consider a next-of-kin donation, Dr. Drake said -- even though the act allows it. 
You have to register yourself. 
Many don't want to collect bodies from distances greater than 70 to 100 miles. 
His program at the Cleveland Clinic also sets a size limit: a body mass index of 40. 
A large, obese body unfortunately is not the best educational material for students learning anatomy, Dr. Drake said. 
Some schools are stricter. 
Nor will schools or research facilities accept bodies of people with infectious diseases like hepatitis, H.I.V., MRSA or C. difficile. 
Most won't accept an autopsied body, either. 
But the best way to avoid make a grieving family scramble for a school willing to accept a donated body is for the donor to make arrangements ahead of time. 
It's a fairly straightforward matter, with minimal paperwork, when she does. 
Make sure your whole family knows about this, Dr. Drake said. 
The family has to notify his school that the donor has died, otherwise I might never know. 
What happens to bodies after students or researchers are finished with them? 
They're cremated, and the ashes can be returned to families or buried in a cemetery, sometimes on the school campus. 
The memorial circles back from the notion of the body to the notion of the person who made the decision to donate, she said. 
It's a way of saying thank you. 
The four-year-old, $ 130 million program, the Medical Education Partnership Initiative, has given grants to 13 academic institutions in 12 countries. 
In the journal Academic Medicine, more than 200 participants detail their progress in increasing student enrollment, developing research capacity and broadening curriculums. 
This fall, for example, Botswana's new school of medicine will achieve a milestone, graduating its first class -- 36 doctors. 
The school still struggles to retain teaching staff, but by 2015, it expects to graduate 50 a year. 
After concerns were raised about the quality of health education at the University of Zimbabwe, its College of Health Sciences instituted reforms like mentored research programs for postgraduates. 
By 2013 the college had nearly doubled its enrollment, to 513 medical students and postgraduates from 260 in 2010. 
Three medical students from Uganda, Zimbabwe and Ethiopia reported that community-based rotations to learn rural medicine were now available to students who could otherwise not afford to pay. 
More classroom supplies, including textbooks and cadavers for anatomy coursework, have been secured. 
The MEPI program is funded through 2015. 
Its second phase is being discussed. 
Dengue is also called breakbone fever for the severe joint pain it causes. 
Repeat infections can cause dengue hemorrhagic fever, which can be lethal. 
Since Japanese authorities detected the first case Aug. 27, 65 more have been found, most of them associated with Yoyogi Park. 
The victims included two models covering the outbreak for a local television station. 
Fear of the virus is spreading. 
In Yokohama, officials closed a large beach park after one local woman infected in Tokyo said she was later bitten by a mosquito there. 
In the United States, more than 750 cases of another painful disease, chikungunya, have been reported this year. 
Almost all have been in tourists returning from the Caribbean, where the disease is rampant, particularly in the Dominican Republic, Guadeloupe, Haiti, Martinique and Puerto Rico. 
Nine million Americans visit the Caribbean each year. 
The bottom line is the health care system is poorly designed to meet the needs of patients near the end of life, said David M. Walker, a Republican and a former United States comptroller general, who was a chairman of the panel. 
The current system is geared towards doing more, more, more, and that system by definition is not necessarily consistent with what patients want, and is also more costly. 
Many of the report's recommendations could be accomplished without legislation. 
For example, the panel urged insurers to reimburse health care providers for conversations with patients on advance care planning. 
Medicare, which covers 50 million Americans and whose members account for about 80 percent of deaths each year, is considering doing just that, prompted by a recent request from the American Medical Association. 
Some private insurers are already covering such conversations, and many more would if Medicare did. 
The 507-page report, Dying in America, said its recommendations would improve the quality of care and better satisfy more patients and families. 
It also said the changes would produce significant savings that would help make health care more affordable. 
If you meet their needs, treat their pain, treat their depression, get them some help in the house, your costs plummet, said Dr. Diane E. Meier, a committee member and the director of the Center to Advance Palliative Care. 
Fewer patients would end up in emergency rooms getting expensive care they do not want, she said, adding, It's a rare example in health policy of doing well by doing good. 
The report's linking of end-of-life choices to economic savings is likely to fuel criticism that the medical establishment and insurers will subtly pressure people to reject life-sustaining treatment in order to save money. 
This idea ignited intense controversy and killed a proposal for advance care planning in the Affordable Care Act when Sarah Palin and other conservatives raised the specter of government death panels. 
That's all got to be changed, he said at a public briefing.
And if you can't do it with current law, guess what? 
You 've got to change the law. 
Palliative care skills should be extensively taught in medical, nursing and social work schools, the panel recommended, something that Dr. Meier said would require a revolution in health care education. 
Many doctors are uncomfortable or ill equipped when it comes to broaching the subject. 
To ensure consistency and quality of palliative care, there should be pretty dramatic change in all the certifying boards, accrediting boards and regulatory entities, Dr. Pizzo said. 
The $ 1.5 million cost of the committee's two years of work was financed by an anonymous donor who had no control over who served on the panel or over the report. 
The donor recently approved additional funding for a yearlong public education campaign. 
The panel said that simply completing advance directives could have limited value because checking boxes does not accommodate the wide range of choices that an increasingly diverse American population wants. 
It said the system should be comprehensive, with medical wishes communicated to all of a patient's providers and with access to palliative care and other support available around the clock. 
Patients don't die in the manner they prefer, Dr. Victor J. Dzau, the Institute of Medicine's president, said at the briefing. 
The time is now for our nation to develop a modernized end-of-life care system. 
If people need motivation to get up from their office chairs or couches and become less sedentary, two useful new studies could provide the impetus. 
One found that sitting less can slow the aging process within cells, and the other helpfully underscores that standing up -- even if you are standing still -- can be good for you as well. 
For most of us nowadays, sitting is our most common waking activity, with many of us sitting for eight hours or more every day. 
Even people who exercise for an hour or so tend to spend most of the remaining hours of the day in a chair. 
The health consequences of this sedentariness are well-documented. 
Past studies have found that the more hours that people spend sitting, the more likely they are to develop diabetes, heart disease and other conditions, and potentially to die prematurely -- even if they exercise regularly. 
In particular, with this experiment, the scientists were interested in whether changes in sedentary time would affect people's telomeres.
If you are unfamiliar with the componentry of your genes, telomeres are the tiny caps on the ends of DNA strands. 
They shorten and fray as a cell ages, although the process is not strictly chronological. 
Obesity, illness and other conditions can accelerate the shortening, causing cells to age prematurely, while some evidence suggests that healthy lifestyles may preserve telomere length, delaying cell aging. 
For the new experiment, the Swedish scientists recruited a group of sedentary, overweight men and women, all aged 68, and drew blood, in order to measure the length of telomeres in the volunteers' white blood cells. 
Then half of the volunteers began an individualized, moderate exercise program, designed to improve their general health. 
They also were advised to sit less. 
After six months, the volunteers all returned for a second blood draw and to complete questionnaires about their daily activities. 
These showed that those in the exercise group were, not surprisingly, exercising more than they had been previously. 
But they were also, for the most part, sitting substantially less than before. 
And when the scientists compared telomeres, they found that the telomeres in the volunteers who were sitting the least had lengthened. 
Their cells seemed to be growing physiologically younger. 
But perhaps most interesting, there was little correlation between exercise and telomere length. 
In fact, the volunteers in the exercise group who had worked out the most during the past six months tended now to have slightly less lengthening and even some shortening, compared to those who had exercised less but stood up more. 
Exactly what the volunteers did in lieu of sitting is impossible to say with precision, said Per Sjögren, a professor of public health at Uppsala University in Sweden, who led the study, because the researchers did not track their volunteers' movement patterns with monitors. 
But it's most likely, he said, that sitting time was predominantly replaced with low-intensity activities, and in particular with time spent standing up. 
Which makes the second new study of sedentary behavior particularly relevant. 
Standing is not, after all, physically demanding for most people, and some scientists have questioned whether merely standing up -- without also moving about and walking -- is sufficiently healthy or if standing merely replaces one type of sedentariness with another. 
To find out whether that situation held true, Peter Katzmarzyk, a professor of public health at the Pennington Biomedical Research Center in Baton Rouge, La., and an expert on sedentary behavior, turned to a large database of self-reported information about physical activity among Canadian adults. 
He noted the amount of time that the men and women had reported standing on most days over the course of a decade or more and crosschecked that data with death records, to see whether people who stood more died younger. 
The results, published in May in Medicine & Science in Sports & Exercise, are soothing if predictable. 
Dr. Katzmarzyk found no link between standing and premature death. 
Rather, as he writes in the study, mortality rates declined at higher levels of standing, suggesting that standing is not sedentary or hazardous, a conclusion with which our telomeres would likely concur. 
In the worst-case scenario, the two countries could have a total of 21,000 cases of Ebola by Sept. 30 and 1.4 million cases by Jan. 20 if the disease keeps spreading without effective methods to contain it. 
These figures take into account the fact that many cases go undetected, and estimate that there are actually 2.5 times as many as reported. 
In the best-case model, the epidemic in both countries would be almost ended by Jan. 20, the report said. 
Success would require conducting safe funerals at which no one touches the bodies, and treating 70 percent of patients in settings that reduce the risk of transmission. 
The report said the proportion of patients now in such settings was about 18 percent in Liberia and 40 percent in Sierra Leone. 
My gut feeling is, the actions we're taking now are going to make that worst-case scenario not come to pass, Dr. Frieden said in a telephone interview. 
But it's important to understand that it could happen. 
It's a nice job, said Ira Longini, a professor of biostatistics at the University of Florida who has also done computer modeling of the epidemic. 
It summarizes the extent of the problem and what has to happen to deal with it. 
Bryan Lewis, an epidemiologist at the Virginia Bioinformatics Institute at Virginia Tech, agreed that the estimates were reasonable, perhaps even a bit low compared with those generated by other models. 
He said that if some of the latest data from the World Health Organization is plugged into the C.D.C. model, the very large numbers of estimated cases are, unfortunately, even larger. 
The W.H.O. published its own revised estimates of the outbreak on Monday, predicting more than 20,000 cases by Nov. 2 if control does not improve. 
That figure is more conservative than the one from the C.D.C., but the W.H.O. report also noted that many cases were unreported and said that without effective help, the three most affected countries would soon be reporting thousands of cases and deaths per week. 
It said its projections were similar to those from the C.D.C. 
President Obama's promise last week to send 3,000 military personnel to Liberia and to build 17 hospitals there, each with 100 beds, was part of the solution, Dr. Frieden said. 
But it was not clear when those hospitals would be ready, or who would staff them. 
Dr. Frieden said the Defense Department had already delivered parts of a 25-bed unit that would soon be set up to treat health workers who become infected, a safety measure he said was important to help encourage health professionals to volunteer. 
He said that more aid groups were also arriving in the region to set up treatment centers, and that a surge of help would break the back of the epidemic. 
The W.H.O. reported that a new center had just opened in Monrovia, the Liberian capital, with 120 beds for treatment and 30 for triage. 
Patients were already lined up at the door. 
The report from the C.D.C. acknowledged that case counts were rising faster than hospital beds could be provided. 
It said that in the meantime, different types of treatment would be used, based in homes or community centers, with relatives and others being given protective gear to help prevent the disease from spreading. 
At least one aid group in Liberia is already shifting its focus to teaching people about home care and providing materials to help because there are not enough hospital beds for the sick. 
Ken Isaacs, a vice president of the group, Samaritan's Purse, said, I believe inevitably this is going to move into people's houses, and the notion of home-based care has to play a more prominent role. 
Where are they going to go? 
he said. 
But Dr. Frieden said that home care had been used to help stamp out smallpox in Africa in the 1960s. 
The caregivers were often people who had survived smallpox themselves and were immune to it. 
Some experts have suggested that Ebola survivors might also be employed to care for the sick. 
We recruited a lot of people to stand guard at huts with smallpox, said Dr. Henderson, a professor at the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health and the University of Pittsburgh. 
The important thing was to know they got paid. 
He added: We gave money and food to families who had smallpox so they didn't have to go out and beg, and they didn't have to go to the market and potentially infect people. 
What can you do? 
If you don't have food, you 've got to leave the house and go out. 
Money can play a useful role. 
When a genetic counselor offered additional tests for 20 other genes linked to various cancers, Jennifer said yes. 
The more information, the better, she thought. 
The results, she said, were surreal. 
She did not have mutations in the breast cancer genes, but did have one linked to a high risk of stomach cancer. 
In people with a family history of the disease, that mutation is considered so risky that patients who are not even sick are often advised to have their stomachs removed. 
But no one knows what the finding might mean in someone like Jennifer, whose family has not had the disease. 
Such cases of frightening or confusing results are becoming more common because of a big recent change in genetic testing for cancer risk. 
Competing companies have hugely expanded the array of tests they offer, in part because new technology has made it possible to sequence many genes for the same price as one or two. 
Within the next year, at least 100,000 people in the United States are expected to undergo these tests. 
The costs, about $ 1,500 to $ 4,000, are covered by some, but not all, insurers. 
But some doctors worry that the newer tests for up to 30 genes may open a can of worms, because the ability to find mutations has outpaced the understanding of what they mean. 
In some cases, tests find cancer-associated mutations for which there are no preventive measures, and the patient is left with a bleak prognosis. 
Some genes were included because they could be tested, not necessarily because they should be, said Dr. Kenneth Offit, chief of clinical genetics at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York. 
He said that the testing companies are rushing headlong into this era, and that individuals are getting results we're not fully educated to counsel them on. 
The emergence of multigene testing was accelerated by a Supreme Court ruling last year. 
Before that, starting in the 1990s, almost all testing for hereditary breast cancer risk was done by Myriad Genetics, which had patents covering BRCA1 and BRCA2, two genes that significantly increase risk. 
But the Supreme Court invalidated key patents on the BRCA genes. 
Numerous companies like GeneDx, Ambry Genetics, Invitae and Quest Diagnostics quickly began offering BRCA tests, and many tried to get a jump on Myriad by offering multigene panels, rather than just BRCA testing. 
To keep pace, Myriad introduced its own test of 25 genes linked to various types of cancer, for about the same $ 4,000 price as the BRCA-only test. 
The company expects to do 100,000 of the new tests in the next year or so. 
It has been doing 250,000 BRCA tests per year, but says it plans to stop offering BRCA-only risk tests by next summer, in favor of the panel. 
Some people who have multiplex tests, like Jennifer, are worried about one disease but get blindsided by results pointing to another. 
Dr. Offit said he had seen two other patients with the same test results as Jennifer in the past few months. 
In many other cases, a mutation is found but there is little or no data on whether it raises the risk of getting cancer. 
In some versions of the new multigene tests, more than 30 percent of patients will be told they have such mutations, which are called variants of unknown significance. 
Patients are not getting closure, Dr. Offit said. 
They're walking out not knowing what to make of it. 
Dr. Susan Domchek, an expert on breast cancer mutations at the University of Pennsylvania, said: With panels, only about 10 percent of the time do we find a clear mutation in anything, and even when we do we're not exactly sure how we should change management. 
But sometimes we do. 
We need to report back only what is devastating and clearly devastating, she said. 
Patients and their physicians need to have information that they can act on and they can act on with clarity. 
A recent study in the journal Cancer showed the pros and cons of multigene testing. 
It used Myriad's 25-gene test to examine nearly 1,800 people who were referred for BRCA testing because they had breast cancer. 
As expected, about 9.3 percent had BRCA mutations. 
Another 3.9 percent had a mutation in a different gene related to breast or ovarian cancer, and 0.3 percent had a mutation in a gene linked to other cancers. 
Some of the non-BRCA findings were serious, and warranted advising patients to consider preventive surgery, the researchers said. 
There was a considerable downside: Variants of unknown significance were identified in more than 41 percent of the patients. 
Some patients had more than one. 
Almost all were in genes that, unlike BRCA1 and BRCA2, had not been studied extensively. 
Doctors have no advice for such patients, except to wait until more is known. 
Experts say that over time, as more people are tested, more is learned about mutations, and the rate of uninterpretable variants should decline. 
When Myriad began BRCA testing, its rate of unknown variants was 40 percent. 
Now it is 2 percent. 
Various efforts are underway to interpret mutations and compile them in publicly available databases ; one of the latest is an online registry to which patients can upload their own data. 
Eventually, they will be able to see how many other people have the same mutation, and how many get cancer. 
Called Prompt, for Prospective Registry of Multiplex Testing, it was created by Memorial Sloan Kettering, the University of Pennsylvania, the Mayo Clinic and the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute. 
Several genetic testing companies are also helping to promote it. 
Jennifer said she was eager to join, mainly to make sure her mutation was better understood, in case her two young children have it. 
She lives in New York, and asked that her last name be withheld to protect her family's privacy. 
In the meantime, no one is suggesting that she have her stomach removed. 
But she has been advised to have an endoscopy -- a procedure in which a camera-tipped tube is passed into the stomach to examine it -- twice a year, probably for the rest of her life. 
Her mutation may also be linked to breast cancer, so she will be consulting specialists about screening. 
Tamika Matthews, 40, from the Bronx, has had breast and thyroid cancer, and has had both breasts removed. 
Her genetic tests found no BRCA mutations, but did detect variants of unknown significance in four genes that may be linked to cancers, including those of the colon and breast. 
She had no family history of breast cancer, but her grandmother and two great-aunts had colon cancer. 
When they called me in and gave me the results, I wanted to say, ` Please, I don't want to know everything. 
I changed my mind,' Ms. Matthews said. 
But it's better to be informed. 
It's so up in the air, she said. 
But I'm glad somebody's working on it, at least. 
Even though he may not get breast cancer, he may have daughters, Ms. Matthews said. 
I don't want them to go through what I went through. 
If people need motivation to get up from their office chairs or couches and become less sedentary, two useful new studies could provide the impetus. 
One found that sitting less can slow the aging process within cells, and the other helpfully underscores that standing up -- even if you are standing still -- can be good for you as well. 
For most of us nowadays, sitting is our most common waking activity, with many of us sitting for eight hours or more every day. 
Even people who exercise for an hour or so tend to spend most of the remaining hours of the day in a chair. 
The health consequences of this sedentariness are well-documented. 
Past studies have found that the more hours that people spend sitting, the more likely they are to develop diabetes, heart disease and other conditions, and potentially to die prematurely -- even if they exercise regularly. 
So for the most groundbreaking of the new studies, which was published this month in the British Journal of Sports Medicine, scientists in Sweden decided to mount an actual experiment, in which they would alter the amount of time that people spent exercising and sitting, and track certain physiological results. 
In particular, with this experiment, the scientists were interested in whether changes in sedentary time would affect people's telomeres. 
If you are unfamiliar with the componentry of your genes, telomeres are the tiny caps on the ends of DNA strands. 
They shorten and fray as a cell ages, although the process is not strictly chronological. 
Obesity, illness and other conditions can accelerate the shortening, causing cells to age prematurely, while some evidence suggests that healthy lifestyles may preserve telomere length, delaying cell aging. 
For the new experiment, the Swedish scientists recruited a group of sedentary, overweight men and women, all aged 68, and drew blood, in order to measure the length of telomeres in the volunteers' white blood cells. 
Then half of the volunteers began an individualized, moderate exercise program, designed to improve their general health. 
They also were advised to sit less. 
After six months, the volunteers all returned for a second blood draw and to complete questionnaires about their daily activities. 
These showed that those in the exercise group were, not surprisingly, exercising more than they had been previously. 
But they were also, for the most part, sitting substantially less than before. 
And when the scientists compared telomeres, they found that the telomeres in the volunteers who were sitting the least had lengthened. 
Their cells seemed to be growing physiologically younger. 
But perhaps most interesting, there was little correlation between exercise and telomere length. 
In fact, the volunteers in the exercise group who had worked out the most during the past six months tended now to have slightly less lengthening and even some shortening, compared to those who had exercised less but stood up more. 
Exactly what the volunteers did in lieu of sitting is impossible to say with precision, said Per Sjögren, a professor of public health at Uppsala University in Sweden, who led the study, because the researchers did not track their volunteers' movement patterns with monitors. 
But it's most likely, he said, that sitting time was predominantly replaced with low-intensity activities, and in particular with time spent standing up. 
Which makes the second new study of sedentary behavior particularly relevant. 
Standing is not, after all, physically demanding for most people, and some scientists have questioned whether merely standing up -- without also moving about and walking -- is sufficiently healthy or if standing merely replaces one type of sedentariness with another. 
To find out whether that situation held true, Peter Katzmarzyk, a professor of public health at the Pennington Biomedical Research Center in Baton Rouge, La., and an expert on sedentary behavior, turned to a large database of self-reported information about physical activity among Canadian adults. 
He noted the amount of time that the men and women had reported standing on most days over the course of a decade or more and crosschecked that data with death records, to see whether people who stood more died younger. 
The results, published in May in Medicine & Science in Sports & Exercise, are soothing if predictable. 
Dr. Katzmarzyk found no link between standing and premature death. 
Rather, as he writes in the study, mortality rates declined at higher levels of standing, suggesting that standing is not sedentary or hazardous, a conclusion with which our telomeres would likely concur. 
This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices for The New York Times newspaper and NYTimes.com including international.nytimes.com, the online edition of The International New York Times, The New York Times Home Delivery website, The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund, Times Skimmer, The New York Times Store, Times Journeys and The New York Times Learning Network websites and other applications collectively referred to as the NYT Services, and to any services that display this notice. 
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to The New York Times include NYTimes.com and The New York Times newspaper. 
The NYT Services may contain links to other websites for your convenience and information. 
We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those sites. 
TRUSTe: The New York Times has been awarded TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and our practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe's program requirements including transparency, accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information. 
TRUSTe's mission, as an independent third party, is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions. 
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact Customer Service by sending an email to feedback@nytimes.com. 
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here. 
The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through the NYTimes.com website and those applications that have a shortened TRUSTe privacy statement. 
The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through software downloaded from this site. 
You may choose to log in, create an account or enhance your profile at NYTimes.com through the Facebook Connect feature on NYTimes.com. 
By doing this, you are asking Facebook to send us certain information from your Facebook profile, and you authorize us to collect, store, and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information available to us through the Facebook interface. 
After you have connected, Facebook also sends us additional information from your profile that allows us to display a Facebook module on the pages you view. 
To enable payment and donations via the NYT Services, we collect and store name, address, telephone number, email address, credit card information and other billing information. 
This information will only be shared with third parties who help to complete the purchase transaction. 
Examples of this include fulfilling orders and processing credit card payments. 
We offer you opportunities to engage in public activities on NYTimes.com and other NYT Services. 
Public activities are any actions you take on NYTimes.com that are designed to be visible to other users, including comments, recommendations, reader reviews, ratings or any other items that you submit. 
Any information you disclose in your public activities, along with your screen name or ID, or any image or photo, becomes public and may be used by The New York Times for online and offline promotional or commercial uses in any and all media. 
If you choose to engage in public activities, you should be aware that any personal information you submit can be read, collected and used by other users of these areas. 
We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in the course of your public activities and we have no responsibility to publish, take down, remove or edit any of your public activities or submissions. 
For more information, see the Comments FAQ and read the Forums, Discussions and User Generated Content section of the Terms of Service. 
If you have registered for a NYTimes.com account, we will track and aggregate your public activities on NYTimes.com. 
By choosing to participate in public activities, you are electing to share and display such public activities via NYTimes.com. 
Also, public activities may be included in RSS feeds, APIs and made available to other websites via other formats. 
As a result, your public activities may appear on other websites, blogs, or feeds. 
Keep in mind that we are not responsible for any personal information you choose to make public via your public activities, and you agree that such sharing will be deemed to have been done by you, not The New York Times. 
Please see our Comments FAQ for additional information. 
When you share or recommend with or without adding your own comments any NYTimes.com articles or content to your Facebook profile, that action is governed by the Facebook Privacy Policy. 
We do not record those comments. 
The New York Times collects personal information from you when you participate in sweepstakes, contests or special offers. 
If this information is also being collected by a third party other than The New York Times, we will notify you at the same time. 
If you do not want any personal information shared, you should not participate in the sweepstakes, contest or special offer. 
The New York Times may collect personal information from you in connection with voluntary surveys conducted via the NYT Services. 
Data may be collected through the NYT Services, on the phone or through the mail. 
The information you provide may be shared, but only in the aggregate, with advertisers and partners unless we notify you otherwise at the time of collection. 
Members of our Reader Panels agree to participate in surveys, polls or discussions about their readership of The New York Times, their household/personal characteristics and their purchase behavior. 
Our panels are currently administered by Vision Critical and Beta Research. 
We often receive information about attendees to our live events from sign-in and registration lists. 
We may share this information with event or promotion sponsors, in which case we will notify you when we collect the information. 
We use various Internet technologies to manage the NYT Services and track use of the Services. 
Non-personal information that we collect using these technologies may be combined with other information about you. 
Device Information. 
We may collect non-personal information about the computer, mobile device or other device you use to access the NYT Services, such as IP address, geolocation information, unique device identifiers, browser type, browser language and other transactional information. 
Cookies, Beacons, Local Storage and Other Similar Technologies. 
We use cookies, Web beacons, HTML5 local storage and other similar technologies. 
These technologies allow us to manage access to and use of the Services, recognize you and provide personalization, and help us understand how people use the NYT Services. 
You will not be able to access certain areas of our websites, including NYTimes.com, if your computer does not accept cookies from us. 
We do not respond to browser-based do not track signals. 
For more detailed information about our use of cookies and local storage, and how to manage them, see Frequently Asked Questions About Cookies and Similar Technologies in our Help section. 
The NYT Services may transmit non-personally identifiable website usage information about our visitors to a reputable third party in order to show you advertising for The New York Times when you visit other sites. 
For more information about our third-party ad server, or to learn your choices about not having this non-personal information used to target ads to you, please click here. 
Analytics Technologies. 
We have hired third parties to provide us information, reports and analysis about the usage, browsing patterns of users of the NYT Services. 
IP Addresses. 
We may log your IP address the location of your computer or device on the Internet. 
We use IP addresses for system administration and troubleshooting purposes, to customize content for specific regions including currency display, recommendations and serving certain advertisements and to track access and use of the NYT Services. 
Log Files and Your Reading History. 
We automatically log certain usage information about your use of NYT Service, including a reading history of the pages you view. 
We use this information in order to provide you with customized Recommendations on NYTimes.com based on your reading history. 
For more information on the Recommendations feature, please read the Recommendations FAQ. 
We also use log files to analyze usage of our websites and mobile applications. 
Location Information. 
Some of our mobile applications can deliver content based on your current location if you choose to enable that feature of the app. 
If you enable the location-based feature, your current location will be stored locally on your device, which will then be used by the app. 
If you elect to have a location-based search saved to your history, we will store that information on our servers. 
If you do not enable the location-based service, or if an app does not have that feature, the app will not transmit to us, and we will not collect or store, location information. 
Ads may be displayed within our apps. 
The ads you see are not targeted to you based on your current GPS location, but they may be targeted to you based on your device's IP address or ZIP code. 
Some of the services and advertisements included in the NYT Services, including on NYTimes.com and within our mobile apps, are delivered or served by third-party companies. 
These companies may place or recognize cookies, Web beacons or other technology to track certain non-personal information about our website users. 
For example, in the course of serving certain advertisements, an advertiser may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser in order to collect certain information about your use of the NYT Services. 
In many cases, this information could be used to show you ads on other websites based on your interests. 
Please click here to see a list of third parties that may be using cookies to serve advertising on our websites. 
For example, Google serves advertisements onto NYTimes.com. 
It uses the DART cookie to serve ads based on your visit to NYTimes.com and other sites on the Internet. 
You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy. 
We perform statistical, demographic and marketing analyses of users of the NYT Services, and their subscribing and purchasing patterns, for product development purposes and to generally inform advertisers about the nature of our subscriber base. 
We use this information for analysis purposes, including analysis to improve customer relationships. 
We use the information that we collect to allow advertising to be targeted to the users for whom such advertising is most pertinent. 
We also use this information to customize certain features of the NYT Services to provide you with an enhanced experienced based on the type of device you are using to access the NYT Services, and in certain cases, provide you with requested services. 
We may use demographic and preference information to allow advertising on the NYT Service to be targeted to the users for whom they are most pertinent. 
This means users see advertising that is most likely to interest them, and advertisers send their messages to people who are most likely to be receptive, improving both the viewer's experience and the effectiveness of the ads. 
We disclose information to third parties only in aggregate or de-identified form. 
The New York Times will periodically send you email newsletters or promotional email about services offered by The New York Times and its advertisers. 
For details about New York Times email, please see the section labeled What Is Our Email Policy? 
We also share information about our audience in aggregate or de-identified form. 
Nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to restrict our use of aggregated or de-identified information in any way. 
In the future, we may sell, buy, merge or partner with other companies or businesses. 
In such transactions, we may include your information among the transferred assets. 
If you are a print subscriber to The New York Times newspaper and subscribed either by mail, phone or online, we may exchange or rent your name and mailing address and certain other information, such as when you first subscribed to The New York Times but not your email address with other reputable companies that offer marketing information or products through direct mail. 
If you prefer that we do not share this information, you may opt-out by emailing us at opt-out@nytimes.com, or write to us at Customer Care, P.O. Box 8041 Davenport IA 52808-8041. 
If you are a current print subscriber, please remember to include your account number and phone number in the body of your email or letter, and if you choose to opt-out via email, please include Opt-out in the subject line. 
We may share information about attendees to our live events with sponsors or other third parties. 
If so, we will notify you when you provide us the information. 
We contract with other companies to provide services on our behalf, including credit-card and billing processing, ad serving, shipping, email distribution, list processing and analytics or promotions management. 
We provide these companies only with the information they need to perform their services. 
These service providers are restricted from using this data in any way other than to provide services for The New York Times, and they may not share, resell or use the data for their own direct marketing purposes. 
We reserve the right to disclose your opt-out information to third parties so they can suppress your name from future solicitations, in accordance with applicable laws. 
We may occasionally release personal information as required by law, for example, to comply with a court order or subpoena. 
For more information, see the Compliance with legal process section of this policy. 
The New York Times complies with the federal CAN-SPAM Act of 2003. 
We will not send you marketing messages if you have opted out. 
We will not share, sell, rent, swap or authorize any third party to use your email address for commercial purposes without your permission. 
If you feel you have received an email from us in error, please contact feedback@nytimes.com. 
Account and Service-Related Email. 
The New York Times reserves the right to send you email relating to your account status. 
This includes order confirmations, renewal/expiration notices, notices of credit-card problems, other transactional emails and notifications about major changes to the NYT Services and/or to our Privacy Policy. 
If you have registered for online discussions or other services, you may receive email specific to your participation in those activities. 
Email Newsletters. 
The New York Times offers several email newsletters. 
If you no longer wish to receive a specific newsletter, follow the unsubscribe instructions located near the bottom of each newsletter. 
To manage your newsletter preferences, please click here. 
Promotional Email. 
The New York Times may periodically email you messages about products and services that we think may be of interest to you. 
You can choose not to receive messages in the future by either 1 following the unsubscribe instructions located near the bottom of each email, or 2 you can opt-out here. 
Survey Email. 
We may send you an email inviting you to participate in user surveys, asking for feedback on NYTimes.com and existing or prospective products and services, as well as information to better understand our users. 
User surveys greatly help us to improve the NYT Services, and any information we obtain in such surveys will not be shared with third parties, except in aggregate form. 
HTML Email. 
When you sign up to receive email from us, you can select either plain text or HTML with images format. 
If you select the HTML format, we may place a one-pixel gif to determine whether or not readers viewed the email. 
This process does not leave any information on your computer, nor does it collect information from your computer. 
The New York Times may share this data with others in aggregate only. 
Emails From You. 
If you send us emails, you should be aware that information disclosed in emails may not be secure or encrypted and thus may be available to others. 
We suggest that you exercise caution when deciding to disclose any personal or confidential information in emails. 
We will use your email address to respond directly to your questions or comments. 
Email This Article Feature. 
NYTimes.com readers may use this feature to email links to articles or other content such as slideshows. 
The email addresses that you supply to this service are saved for your convenience for future articles you may wish to email ; these addresses are not used for any other purpose, and will not be shared with any third parties. 
The New York Times Home Delivery Web Account. 
You may update and/or edit your Home Delivery account information online at the Home Delivery website by clicking on the link for Update Account. 
Should you require assistance, please call our toll free number, 1-800-NYTIMES. 
Manage Your NYTimes.com Account in the My Account Area. 
You may review and update your NYTimes.com membership or account information and access your transaction history in the My Account area. 
There are a number of things you can do in the My Account area to ensure your personal information is accurate and up to date. 
For one, you can update the information you provided during the free registration process. 
The Email Preferences tab is the place to go to sign up for our email newsletters and manage your delivery options. 
To gain access to the areas of the My Account area containing personal information, you will be asked to re-enter your password. 
If you do not remember your password, you can reset your password here. 
If you need further assistance, please contact Customer Service. 
Manage Your New York Times Online Store Account. 
Manage and update your account by logging in at www.nytstore.com. 
Simply click on the My Account section at the top of the navigational bar and proceed to Edit Profile. 
You may securely update your shipping information, email address and password registered to the account. 
Should you require assistance, please call us at 800-671-4332. 
Manage Your New York Times Events Account. 
Events include TimesTalks, Great Read in the Park, Arts and Leisure Weekend, Sunday with The Magazine, The New York Times Travel Show. 
To subscribe or unsubscribe from The New York Times Events email newsletter, please visit www.nytimes.com/events. 
Enter your email address in the field provided, select unsubscribe and click submit. 
1. 
Click here to remove your email address from any future promotional email campaigns originated by The New York Times Home Delivery Department and its third party affiliates. 
2. 
Click here to manage your email subscriptions from NYTimes.com. 
These include Today's Headlines, Ticketwatch, DealBook, Sophisticated Shopper, Movies Update, etc.. 
3. 
Click here to log in to your New York Times Online Store account and then click the Unsubscribe From Newsletter button. 
4. 
Click here to manage your subscription to The New York Times Events Newsletter TimesTalks, Great Read in the Park, Arts and Leisure Weekend, Sunday with The Magazine, The New York Times Travel Show. 
If, at any time, you prefer not to receive mail or telephone solicitations originated by The New York Times Home Delivery Department, or if you prefer that we do not share this information with third parties for marketing purposes, please email us at opt-out@nytimes.com or write to us at Customer Care, P.O. Box 8041, Davenport, IA 52808-8041. 
If you are a current newspaper subscriber, please remember to include your account number and phone number in the body of your email or letter, and if you choose to opt-out via email, please put Opt-out in the subject line. 
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place commercially reasonable physical, technical and administrative controls to protect the information. 
Please note that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. 
COPPA Compliance. 
Except for The Learning Network see below, The New York Times does not knowingly collect or store any personal information about children under the age of 13. 
The Learning Network. 
The Learning Network is a free service for parents, teachers and students, and does not require registration. 
The Student Connections section is specifically directed at students, grades 6 to 12. 
Within this section, the Ask a Reporter page and the Student Letters page allow students to either send a question to a Times reporter or submit a letter to the editor, providing their first name, grade, state/country and, optionally, their email address. 
The information requested on these pages is used solely for participation in these activities, and is not shared or sold to third parties. 
If an email address is provided, it will only be used for a one-time response back to the child. 
After responding to the child, the email address is deleted. 
Access to the above services is not conditioned on more information than is reasonably necessary to provide the services. 
Because we're concerned about a parent's right to consent to the collection and use of their child's personal information, when a question or letter is published, only the student's first name, grade and state/country appear on the site. 
To request removal of this information non-personally identifiable or to review or remove the optional email address personal information collected, please use this form to contact the Learning Network. 
These children's guidelines have been developed with the recognition that Internet technology evolves rapidly and that underlying business models are still not established. 
Accordingly, guidelines are subject to change. 
In the unlikely event of such changes they will be posted on this page. 
If the changes represent a material departure from our current practice with respect to the use of children's personal information, the changes will be posted on this page thirty days prior to taking effect and will not affect children's personal information previously collected. 
For any questions concerning The Learning Network, please contact Katherine Schulten, NYTimes.com, 620 Eighth Avenue, 9th floor, New York, NY 10018. 
Telephone: -LRB-212-RRB- 556-8391. 
Under the California Shine The Light law, California residents may opt-out of the NYT's disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. 
As detailed above, you may choose to opt-out of the sharing of your personal information with third parties for marketing purposes at any time by submitting a request in writing to Customer Care, P.O. Box 8041, Davenport, IA 52808-8041 or by emailing us at opt-out@nytimes.com. 
It is important to note that this opt-out does not prohibit disclosures made for non-marketing purposes. 
This Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time. 
Any such changes will be posted on this page. 
If we make a significant or material change in the way we use your personal information, the change will be posted on this page thirty 30 days prior to taking effect and registered users will be notified via email. 
The lights are on down there, but that dark-haired woman has suddenly moved out. 
No furniture in the rooms, nothing. 
Clean. 
She hadn't been in the apartment long, maybe three months? 
Seems so empty, so vacant, without her. 
Didn't know her name, or even what she looked like, really, the distance between our buildings too great. 
In her 30s, I'd guess. 
Her blinds, like mine, were usually up. 
Like me, she'd often forget to lower them at night. 
I didn't want to stare ; if I could see her, she could see me. 
But I was aware of her, knew she was there, going about her business. 
Maybe she knew of me, too. 
She reminded me of the woman who had been in that same apartment some 40 years ago. 
Also in her 30s, with long dark hair. 
One night she was yelling at her boyfriend ; he stood there, not apologetic, just bearing the tirade. 
Her wails were so loud I and the rest of the neighbors could hear them: I can't BELIEVE you slept with another woman, mainly, over and over. 
She soon moved out. 
Anyway, tonight, it just seems weirdly lonely. 
Especially since they 've left the lights on, the bare rooms glaring, reminding me each time I pass my window of some sort of loss. 
Read all recent entries and our updated submissions guidelines. 
Reach us via email diary@nytimes.com or follow @NYTMetro on Twitter using the hashtag #MetDiary. 
The old General Assembly Hall has reopened, after renovations. 
Last year's delegates met in a big boxy temporary building, what one U.N. official recently referred to as the Costco G.A., Ms. Sengupta said. 
The General Debate begins on Wednesday. 
Try to steer clear of Midtown ; security will have ramped up for President Obama's visit. 
Will Iran's Hassan Rouhani smile as much as he did last year? 
she asked. 
Will Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas dangle the threat of the I.C.C. -- the International Criminal Court -- in his speech? 
• Prepare for a lantern procession in Morningside Park this weekend by making a lantern at Columbia's Miller Theater. 
2 p.m. -LSB- Free, sign up -RSB- 
• Taxonomy, described as a collection of George Boorujy's dynamic large-scale paintings of North American animals with disarmingly human characteristics, is up in Central Park. 
All day. 
-LSB- Free -RSB- 
• A talk by the author of The Price of Silence: The Duke Lacrosse Scandal, at CUNY's Roosevelt House on the Upper East Side. 
6 p.m. -LSB- Free, R.S.V.P. or watch the livestream -RSB- 
• Path: There have been suspensions today on the Hoboken-33rd Street and Journal Square-33rd Street trains. 
See latest status. 
• Roads: Watch out for diplomatic gridlock, especially on the East Side. 
Check traffic map or radio report on the 1s or the 8s. 
• Coursing through Midtown, the People's Climate March was a spectacle even for a city known for doing things big. 
-LSB- New York Times -RSB- 
• A police officer was killed and eight others were injured when their van crashed on their way to patrol the climate march. 
-LSB- New York Times -RSB- 
• The mayor announced a $ 1 billion plan that would cut the city's greenhouse emissions by 80 percent by 2050. 
-LSB- Daily News -RSB- 
• City officials provided a doctored report on Rikers Island to federal investigators looking into potential civil rights violations in the handling of teenage inmates. 
-LSB- New York Times -RSB- 
• A Brooklyn broker who passed secret stock tips on napkins, then ate them to destroy the evidence, pleaded guilty to insider trading. 
-LSB- Reuters -RSB- 
• The third and final section of the High Line opened. 
-LSB- 6sqft -RSB- 
• A law intended to crack down on illegal hotels, combined with competition from Airbnb, has put legitimate bed-and-breakfasts out of business. 
-LSB- Crain's -RSB- 
• A history professor took his students on an all-night bicycle tour of New York's monuments. 
-LSB- New York Times -RSB- 
New York Today is a weekday roundup that stays live from 6 a.m. till late morning. 
You can receive it via email. 
What would you like to see here to start your day? 
Post a comment, email us at nytoday@nytimes.com, or reach us via Twitter using #NYToday. 
It has become clichéd to call warblers the butterflies of the bird world, but it is a fair description of these tiny, colorful birds. 
In breeding plumage, male warblers are decked out in fluorescent reds, brilliant yellows, greens and metallic blues. 
A long look at a warbler as it flits from branch to branch may last just a few seconds, but even in that brief time, its colors astound. 
Warbler migration generally peaks in New York in mid-May and finds nervous bird-watchers fretting over weather reports and rescheduling anything that might interfere with getting a glimpse of any birds that last night's winds blew in. 
We could all take a cue from this excitement ; we are in the midst of an ancient wonder, the migration of breeding birds along the Atlantic Flyway. 
You don't need to call yourself a bird-watcher to enjoy the show, and though getting a good look at some of these birds can be challenging, many can be approached at a no-need-for-binoculars range. 
Most warblers have lovely plumage, but the black-throated blue Setophaga caerulescens is something special. 
With a marlin-blue back and a velvety black mask, the male top photo is unmistakable and, when preoccupied, very approachable. 
Sometimes a casual observer can get within a yard or two as the birds forage for insects among spring's new leaves and buds. 
Black-throated blues prefer rich, mature woods with a dense understory, but during migration, they can be found in any number of habitats. 
Read more ... 
According to permits filed with the city, the top floors of the mansion were set for residential occupancy by the owners the couple have two children, with the ground floor earmarked for commercial use. 
Despite reported input from high-end architects like Annabelle Selldorf and Markus Dochantschi, who is a protégé of the Pritzker Architecture Prize-winning Zaha Hadid, the house apparently was never occupied. 
The mansion surfaced in the media as a whisper listing earlier this year, with a vague asking price in excess of $ 35 million ; the actual sale seems to have been conducted without brokers. 
The sale of 802 Greenwich, formerly known as 335 West 12th Street, follows close on the heels of a $ 45 million transaction that will transform another Greenwich Village behemoth on a prominent corner, 27 Christopher Street at Waverly Place, into a single-family mansion. 
In that instance, the 19,000-square-foot building, built in 1911 and used over the decades as a school, nursing school and outpost of one of the city's oldest charities, New York Foundling, does at least resemble a chateau. 
The water was pouring in through every crack and crevice and we grabbed what we could and left, he said. 
Unfortunately the negatives weren't grabbed. 
• Stationary bicycles take over Times Square for a fund-raiser for the Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center. 
All day. 
• Climate March events: A Religions for the Earth conference begins at Union Theological Seminary in Morningside Heights. 
Noon. 
... 
• ... Bill McKibben and other environmental start the march with an event at ABC Carpet and Home in Chelsea. 
7 p.m. -LSB- Livestream -RSB- ... 
• ... A Converge for Climate gathering begins at St. Peter's Church on the Upper East Side. 
7 p.m. 
• A National Action Network news conference, after a review of Eric Garner's autopsy evidence by a former city chief medical examiner. 
Outside Bellevue Hospital. 
1:30 p.m. 
• The paddlers of Seachange 2014, a flotilla of paper boats that traveled down the Hudson, end their residency at the Floating Library with a night of rituals. 
7 p.m. -LSB- Free -RSB- 
• A live score of There Will Be Blood by the Wordless Music Orchestra, at the United Palace Theater in Washington Heights. 
8 p.m. -LSB- $ 59 and up -RSB- 
• An OK Go D.J. set at Glasslands in Brooklyn features four songs from the new album, Upside Out. 
11:30 p.m. -LSB- $ 10 -RSB- 
• The city's new municipal identification cards will come with discounts at 33 of the city's leading cultural institutions, the mayor announced. 
-LSB- New York Times -RSB- 
• A woman is in critical condition after being hit by a cyclist in Central Park. 
-LSB- New York Post -RSB- 
• Watching the independence vote with local Scots. 
-LSB- New York -RSB- 
• A 79-year-old man was killed by a falling gate while opening Delicioso Coco Helado, a dessert purveyor in the Bronx, Friday morning. 
-LSB- Daily News -RSB- 
• The city's unemployment rate dropped in August to its lowest level since 2009. 
-LSB- New York Times -RSB- 
• The de Blasio administration is hiring more contractors to speed up the reconstruction of homes destroyed by Hurricane Sandy. 
-LSB- Daily News -RSB- 
• The skeleton of the new Tappan Zee is emerging from the Hudson. 
-LSB- New York Times -RSB- 
• A tour of Woody Guthrie's New York. 
-LSB- New York Times -RSB- 
• What would happen if the Storm of 1821 were to hit New York Today. 
-LSB- WNYC -RSB- 
• The Week in Pictures. 
-LSB- New York Times -RSB- 
• I Imagine, a two-day global film festival coinciding with the U.N. General Assembly, begins at the Quad Cinema near Union Square. 
4 p.m. -LSB- $ 49.95 for a two-day pass -RSB- 
• Learn urban homesteading skills, like how to make kombucha, at the New York City Permaculture Festival in Park Slope. 
Noon to 7 p.m. -LSB- Free -RSB- 
• Prayer of Love and Peace, a play about the atomic bombings by the Japanese Inamori Art Group, at the Riverside Theater in Harlem. 
7 p.m. -LSB- Free, R.S.V.P. -RSB- 
• The People's Climate March steps off from Columbus Circle. 
11:30 a.m. -LSB- Free -RSB- 
• A 3,000 pound ice sculpture of the words The Future is begins melting at 10 a.m. at Flatiron North Plaza. 
-LSB- Livestream -RSB- 
• The Brooklyn Book Festival features talks with dozens of authors, including Paul Auster and Joyce Carol Oates, Salman Rushdie, Roz Chast. 
Borough Hall. 
10 a.m. to 6 p.m. -LSB- Free -RSB- 
• The last section of the High Line opens with sculptures by the artist Adrián Villar Rojas. 
-LSB- Free -RSB- 
• And if you're looking for fun outside New York City, The Times's Metropolitan section has suggestions. 
See Friday and Saturday listings for Westchester, Long Island, New Jersey and Connecticut. 
See Sunday listings for Westchester, Long Island, New Jersey and Connecticut. 
The Future Farmers of America of Vernon-Verona-Sherrill High School produce around 1,000 gallons of syrup a year. 
New York State is the second biggest producer of maple syrup in the country after Vermont. 
New York Today is a weekday roundup that stays live from 6 a.m. till late morning. 
You can receive it via email. 
What would you like to see here to start your day? 
Post a comment, email us at nytoday@nytimes.com, or reach us via Twitter using #NYToday. 
Crush and sniff it, one man raps. 
Blue is my world in this life how I live it, come out to Staten Island, pay a little visit. 
During the past decade of eating in K-town, Arirang has been an agent of good times -- cheerful and laid back service, cheap soju and fairly priced, awesome food that made the place a bargain whether you're a lunch time or dinner time punter. 
I recall drunk dinners and hungover midweek lunches of sujebi, knife cut flecks of dough, swimming in profoundly rich bowls of chicken broth and many glasses of soju. 
Similar fare is non-existent in NYC -- one would have to travel to Queens to get something similar. 
In Korean culture, the provenance of the term ` Arirang ` -- often used as an unofficial Korean national anthem -- denotes certain aspects of hope and optimism. 
In keeping with this theme, I can only hope that the future proprietor does this space justice. 
The renowned decorator Stephen Sills has remained in the same very small apartment that burnished his reputation more than two decades ago, when he was just starting out. 
Its recent renovation reveals he has spent that time perfecting his craft. 
I remember the first time I laid eyes on it in an interior design magazine in 1991. 
The Proustian velvet ottoman, the twin globes atop painted neoclassical cabinets paired together on one side of the fireplace, not flanking it ; the startlingly oversize Louis XV chenets, the cornice with exaggerated Grecian flutes ... 
It was a game-changer -- the apartment that launched a career and inspired the careers of countless others. 
I remember seeing Sills's apartment when I was still at home in Atlanta, the decorator Miles Redd recalls. 
I tore it out and held onto it for years. 
Read more ... 
Alan Howard, founder of the Brevan Howard hedge fund, donated $ 34.8 million to finance the center. 
The last financial crisis was devastating, he said. 
We must not allow that to happen again. 
Read more ... 
What does it mean to pursue something that everyone else think is nuts? 
And what does it take to succeed? 
That's what this week's episode is about. 
It's called Outsiders By Design. 
You can subscribe to the podcast at iTunes, get the RSS feed, or listen via the media player above. 
You can also read the transcript, which includes credits for the music you 'll hear in the episode. 
Our latest podcast episode -- How to Save $ 1 Billion Without Even Trying -- discusses research which finds that health-care experts generally buy generic medicines for their own use rather than the more expensive name brands. 
The episode discusses the various reasons that brand names might be more appealing despite the higher cost. 
A listener -LSB- ... -RSB- Read More 
A battle is being waged between the Internet and the State, and this episode of Freakonomics Radio gives you front-row seats. 
It's called Regulate This! 
You can subscribe to the podcast at iTunes, get the RSS feed, or listen via the media player above. 
You can also read the transcript ; it includes credits for the music you 'll hear in the episode. 
At issue is the so-called sharing economy, a range of services that facilitate peer-to-peer transactions through the Internet. 
Companies like Airbnb, Uber, and Lyft have seen rapid growth and eye-popping valuations, but as they expand around the world, they are increasingly butting heads with government regulators. 
Read More 
This week's podcast is a rebroadcast of our episode called Who Runs the Internet? 
You can subscribe to the podcast at iTunes, get the RSS feed, or listen via the media player above. 
You can also read the transcript ; it includes credits for the music you 'll hear in the episode. 
Does virtual mayhem -- from online ranting to videogame violence -- help reduce mayhem in the real world? 
Though Steve Levitt says there is no solid data on this. 
Read More 
Not in the literal sense. 
But certainly in a spiritual sense. 
I'm happy to say I began work this week at Oglivy & Mather as its Newsroom Editor. 
As for here, I don't know how Emdashes will evolve in the future, in this, its tenth year. 
To judge from my radio silence, I 've been drawn to other magnetic things, among them beautifulsentence.com and peekskill.rocks, a new site I'm working on with the toweringly talented developer Joe Sepi. 
But I would never, ever let go of my dearest place online. 
So, I 'll return, tweed-clad and pipe in hand, and tend to this overgrown plot when I can. 
If you're reading this, hi! 
Thanks for reading. 
Thanks for everything. 
This blog has opened so many incredible doors and continues to do so. 
The phrase It started as a meta-fan blog about The New Yorker makes the sprockets spring out of most people's heads, followed by doubtful, even pitying facial expressions. 
But luckily, enough people have shared my obsessions that it made obsessing all the more delightful. 
continued 
This vivid Masturbation Moment went down in what appears to be some sort of utility van parked on Havemeyer and North 7th Street around 8:45 a.m.. 
At least he wasn't driving! 
To help protect your anonymity, Strongbox is only accessible using the Tor network https://www.torproject.org. 
When using Strongbox, The New Yorker will not record your I.P. address or information about your browser, computer, or operating system, nor will we embed third-party content or deliver cookies to your browser. 
The road for the island community of Broad Channel, weathering as it has -- a history of high tide flooding and the devastation of Hurricane Sandy -- has not been an easy one, but at last, it will be paved. 
More ... 
Excitement definitely in the air in downtown Brooklyn as we approach the holiday weekend. 
As the weekend before the big week unfolds, with, of course, the virtually back-to-back holiday celebration of the birthday of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and the inauguration of the 44th Preident of the United States, Barack Hussein Obama, there is palpable excitement and energy in the winter air. 
The opening of Notorious, which despite the cold, has lines outside the Regal Cinema on Court Street, just adds to the energy and excitement. 
When we lived in Clinton Hill/Fort Greene in the 90s, it was a few blocks away from the late Biggie Smalls/Notorious B.I.G. / Christopher Wallace's home on St. James Place. 
Our older daughter, now still studying in Europe, is pining for the fjords that she has to miss the premier of the film. 
As one of her teacher's said years ago, when another kid was trying to explain to our daughter some hip hop reference, You don't have to explain that to her, Danielle grew up in the ` hood. 
Sort of. 
Not exactly. 
But, so it goes. 
The late Christopher Wallace had brains, talent, and charisma to spare. 
Before he broke through, he survived the streets, drugs, and Brooklyn. 
He had a strong mom behind him. 
But I guess he couldn't survive his fame. 
The killing of Tupac Shakur was big news. 
But you could sense the murder of Christopher Wallace hit Brooklyn kids really hard with a heavy punch. 
If Barack Obama represents one story of remarkable success for Black Americans, the path taken by the late Christopher Wallace surely represented another. 
Rap, hip hop, or whatever you want to call contemporary Black music, has taken the world by storm. 
Wallace, yet another achieving kid from Brooklyn, made his mark. 
President-elect Obama is trim, vibrant, healthy, athletic, a brilliant writer, supremely self-confident. 
B.I.G. was big, robust, pleasure-seeking, a brilliant writer, and supremely self-confident. 
They each took their own path, both tinged with pathos and the blues, and each forged his own unique, individual brand. 
Below is a list of just a few organizations in NYC that can connect you to the volunteer opportunities you're looking for. 
It is not meant to be exhaustive, and it will get longer as I continue my volunteer work and learn of other outlets 
Here you can connect with thousands of volunteer opportunities and find practical tools to help you take action to build a better world. 
They list both national and international opportunities, with varying levels of commitment. 
You can also search for nonprofit jobs, internships, events, and more. 
For a more comprehensive list of organizations, definitely check out this site. 
It's an easy-to-read, straightforward listing of places in NYC you can volunteer with, including contact information for most, as well as the type of commitment you 'll be expected to make. 
Program staff work with each organization to identify their most pressing needs, create projects where volunteers can make a meaningful difference, and then recruit and deploy teams of volunteers to help meet those needs. 
New York Cares is the organization that I volunteer through most often. 
They have TONS of different opportunities, but they fill up fast, so make sure you check the site on or around the 20th of each month, when they post new projects for the month. 
You 'll also have to attend a 1-hour orientation before volunteering ; orientations take place often and in various locations throughout the 5 Boroughs. 
NYC Service: NYC Service is a new effort to promote service and volunteerism in New York City. 
It includes an innovative set of initiatives that aim to achieve two overarching goals: making our city the easiest place in the world to volunteer, and setting a new standard for how cities can tap the power of their people to tackle our most pressing challenges You can search for different activities by borough, area of interest, and level of priority ; there are a lot of opportunities for people with special skills, such as accountants, artists, grant writers, etc.. 
This new site is very user-friendly. 
Street Project: Street Project is a volunteer organization that provides its members -- busy young professionals in New York -- with a variety of regular and flexible opportunities to give back to their community and connect to a network of other dedicated people. 
They also hold social events for members. 
This organization has a limited group of opportunities, making it less overwhelming if you are have a hard time deciding what type of activity you want to do, and besides setting up your account, there isn't much you have to do before signing up for your first project. 
New York Restoration Project: New York Restoration Project NYRP is a non-profit organization dedicated to transforming open space in underserved communities to create a greener, more sustainable New York City. 
In partnership with the City of New York, NYRP is also leading MillionTreesNYC -- an initiative to plant and care for one million new trees throughout New York City's five boroughs by 2017. 
Visit the website for more information, or email Volunteer Coordinator Danica Doroski, at ddoroski@nyrp.org to get started volunteering. 
ioby in our backyards: ioby connects change with resources. 
It enables all of us to invest in change -- then see and live with the return on our investment. 
These pages aren't glamorous. 
There are no celebrities, no large-scale protests. 
There are everyday neighbors taking small steps -- bringing sunlight, open space, fresh food and greenery into our backyards. 
Search through the variety of projects to find open volunteer positions near you! 
Inner-City Scholarship Fund ICSF: Inner-City Scholarship Fund ICSF, the city's leading non-profit organization dedicated to providing tuition assistance for underprivileged students is looking for volunteers. 
There are many ways to get involved, each with a varying time commitment. 
ICSF supports more than 38,000 students 93% minority and 35% non-Catholic in 105 inner-city Catholic schools in Manhattan, the Bronx and Staten Island. 
98% percent of ICSF high school seniors graduate and 96% go on to college. 
Requirements include a background check and video screening to participate. 
For more information, please contact via phone at 646-794-3357. 
Harlem RBI: Harlem RBI seeks to provide inner-city youth with opportunities to Play, Learn and Grow. 
They use the power of teams to coach, teach and inspire youth to recognize their potential and realize their dreams. 
Volunteers are an essential part of Harlem RBI, serving as tutors, homework helpers, and baseball/softball coaches ; committment can range from 1-3x per week, for 3 months up to a year depending on your role. 
If you're interested in volunteering, contact Jackson Thomas at volunteer@harlemrbi.org. 
Bread & Life: Bread and Life daily addresses the issues of hunger and poverty in Brooklyn and Queens. 
Every day, Bread and Life serves over one thousand meals to hungry New Yorkers. 
They provide these services at both a Lexington Avenue facility and through their unique Mobile Soup Kitchen. 
The Chelsea Hotel community mourns the passing of one of its guiding lights, the poet, painter, art critic, and Warhol Superstar Rene Ricard, who died this past Saturday, Feb. 1. 
The cause of death was cancer. 
Rene, who will always be remembered for his quick wit, sparkling intellect, and generosity, passed away at the hospital surrounded by some of his many close friends. 
Rene, who had lived at the Chelsea Hotel continuously since the early 90s and sporadically before that, was 68. 
Rene was probably the most famous remaining member of the now seriously depleted Chelsea Hotel community. 
And no account of the history of the Chelsea Hotel, or of its famous creative energy, is complete without him. 
In fact, in these dark times when the city, including the Chelsea Hotel, is being carved up by developers, those of us fighting against gentrification, would do well to remember Rene as the very embodiment of the New York artistic bohemia that we seek to preserve. 
Rene was one of the last of a dying breed, someone for whom money was secondary, and who survived in the city by his wits and the force of his personality and his larger-than-life talent and artistic vision. 
Poet, artist, actor, dancer, critic, jack-of-all-trades and all-around wild man, Rene Ricard was born in 1946 and grew up in New Bedford, Massachusetts. 
He ran away to Boston at age sixteen, where he supported himself by working as an artist's model, and by eighteen he was in New York City, becoming involved with Andy Warhol's Factory scene. 
Warhol soon cast Rene in a movie, in which he spends most of his time with his back to the camera, washing dishes, while Edie Sedgwick sneezes and runs a malted machine to cover up the fact that she's forgotten her lines.
Rene had a better role in 1965's, in which he stars in the Boys in Bed episode, rolling around in his underwear with two other boys in a room at the Chelsea Hotel. 
In his and Edie's last film for Warhol,, Rene embarks on a speed-fueled diatribe, rattling off every nasty thing he can think of to say about Andy. 
This is the kind of part Rene was born for, and surely it must have been his finest role, but sadly the film has been lost. 
An art critic in the eighties, in 1981 Rene published The Radiant Child, the first major article about Jean Michel Basquiat, in. 
Rene has published three books of his poetry: 1979, 1989, and 1990, and was portrayed by the actor Michael Wincott in Julian Schnabel's 1996 film. 
Rene brought out a book of his art in a limited edition in 2003. 
The King of the Chelsea Eccentrics, Rene gives one the sense of a being not of this world. 
He flits around the hotel, ethereal-like, on a cloud of his own creation. 
Tall and gaunt with a wispy goatee, a porkpie hat atop his head, he's a bundle of nervous energy, unable to sit still. 
Rene is quite learned and knowledgeable about art and culture and many other subjects besides. 
When he speaks he's agitated, restless, wringing his hands, almost frantic sometimes -- though often he positively bubbles with good humor. 
His speech can best be described as a sort of off-the-cuff intellectual rant. 
Though what he says is never uninteresting, and you 'll always want to hear more, he speaks quickly and is gone. 
Blink and you might miss him. 
If you're lucky enough to run into Rene on the elevator, he will sometimes share a poem, often an obscene or ribald one. 
He's often seen with a cigarette dangling from his mouth, and the mind immediately turns to thoughts of fire. 
Source: DaCapo 2007 ; Photo: 
The fire, of course, was in Rene's fevered and intensely creative imagination. 
Like all of us at the Chelsea Hotel, since the ouster of the Bard Family in June 2007, Rene had been engaged in the struggle to save his home and his way of life. 
And though he managed, for the most part, to keep himself above the fray, the stress -- construction noise, poisonous dust, denial of services, and disrespect -- and the uncertainty connected with the constant threat of eviction, no doubt took their toll on him as well. 
But Rene was not one to succumb to despair. 
At the time of his death Rene was experiencing a rebirth in the interest of his paintings, fueled by a successful Vito Schnable -- curated show of his work. 
Rene's close friend Rita Barros says, Rene died on his own terms and surrounded by his close friends. 
We will all miss him dearly. 
New York will never be the same without him. 
Whatever happens to Rene's earthly shell, and to the shell of this old Hotel, Rene's creative fire, and the spirit of the Chelsea Hotel that he embodied will live on. 
Where plants grow well, humans usually do well, / Rome, Paris, London, San Francisco. 
It must have / Something to do with the light. 
There is a small intaglio / Of Agrippa in Augustus in a glass-clear mineral, / Which creates an image in light, of light, by light. 
Because of this year's World Cup, cities that had once been footnotes in our consciousness have suddenly gained in solidity and weight. 
Porto Alegre, in particular, one of the World Cup host cities alongside Rio de Janeiro and Belo Horizonte, has skyrocketed into the international consciousness. 
The fur coat she was wearing hung as heavy as a child on her shoulders, and she looked stunned, arrived somehow by taxi, livery cab? 
Fleeced? 
Mrs. DePour's large alligator bag was open. 
Charlie Haden, who passed away this year after a storied career as one of jazz's most deeply valued bassists, titled his first recording as a bandleader Liberation Music Orchestra. 
The choices he made on the record were both deeply political and personally intuitive ; Liberation Music Orchestra is bolted to its moment in history both as a response to the fog of war and an expression of the spontaneous self. 
Marx once wrote that it is essential to educate the educator. 
Of late, educators have done quite well all on their own. 
The New York Times launched The Local on a snowy day in March 2009, with hopes the blog would serve as a shining example of community collaboration amid the mushrooming online hyperlocal movement. 
The Local was conceived not only as a place to get neighborhood news of the day, but as a blog by the people and for the people of Fort Greene and Clinton Hill. 
These four years have brought great change, not only to our dynamic neighborhoods, but to The Local. 
The CUNY Graduate School of Journalism, which worked with The Times and the community from the start of The Local, took over day-to-day operations of the site in January 2010, under the supervision of Times editors. 
Now, more change is on the way. 
The Times, having vastly contributed to, and gleaned lessons from, The Local, is moving on. 
But the CUNY J-School plans to keep the site going and growing. 
In making our fresh start, our name and location will change. 
On Thursday May 16, The Local will become The Nabe, and it will be found at www.TheNabe.me. 
We and we mean WE, neighbors will provide a vibrant online platform for the people of Fort Greene and Clinton Hill, using the emerging tools of journalism to tell and share stories in compelling new ways. 
Besides the name change, we're streamlining your viewing experience with a new, multimedia friendly look -- perfect for your computer and most mobile devices. 
We're also adding a forum where locals can come together to talk. 
More exciting features are in the works -- all aimed at attracting additional community contributors and local voices into the site. 
A spirit of collaboration drove The Local and now, we hope, will carry The Nabe to new heights. 
So please use the comments section below to tell us what you would like to see on the revamped site. 
And tell us how you would like to contribute. 
Kindles, iPads and smart phones have made reading more accessible, interactive and engaging for many students. 
Search the web for reading apps for kids and you 'll find hundreds, even thousands, of ways to encourage reading on screens. 
But a growing body of research suggests that our brains process digital reading very differently from paper reading and that we need to make sure that we -- and students -- can do both. 
Linear reading, which is something we humans have developed over years and years, is what we need to do when we want to do deep reading -- like immerse ourselves in a novel, or read a mortgage document, says WNYC reporter Manoush Zomorodi in a recent story on the issue. 
Dense text that we really want to understand requires deep reading, and on the Internet we don't do that. 
Do you personally find that reading on screens is different than on paper? 
Teachers, have you noticed a difference in how students comprehend information that is read on a screen versus information that is read on paper? 
Corporate education reformers like to beat up on teachers under the pretext that teachers are the cause of the achievement gap, as if child poverty, class size and school funding play no part in a child's opportunities for success. 
In a new article at Slate, reporter Dana Goldstein has a bold proposition: To fix schools, stop beating up on teachers and start paying attention to their bosses. 
While we may not agree with everything Goldstein says in her new book, The Teacher Wars: A History of America's Most Embattled Profession, she makes an interesting case that effective principals are crucial in shaping a school's mission and helping teachers build their pedagogical skills. 
When McKinsey surveyed top teachers on what it would take for them to move to a higher-poverty school, they responded that the biggest draw, even more important than a raise, would be a respected principal who created a positive school environment, Goldstein writes. 
In short, principals have a unique power to multiply the effects of good teaching and help close achievement gaps. 
What do you think? 
Do principals make a big difference in schools? 
What makes a principal an effective leader? 
What are some ways you think principals can support teachers' pedagogy? 
Many people have weighed in on the importance of due process for teachers. 
Here's one Brooklyn teacher's perspective, which she posted last month on her blog, My Life as a NYC Teacher. 
I was a bad teacher. 
My first two years of teaching were awful. 
It wasn't anyone's fault, not even mine. 
I simply didn't know what I was doing. 
I should have gotten a U rating. 
But I didn't. 
I wasn't even tenured yet. 
My administrators knew it was growing pains. 
I was learning. 
It did not make me any less embarrassed to be observed. 
I didn't make much growth because I didn't know how to take suggestions and turn them into action ... yet. 
But they gave me a chance. 
And now? 
Well, things aren't perfect but I know what I'm doing. 
I am still growing and learning, but that will continue every year, and not just in teaching, but in every aspect of my life, for the rest of my life. 
I learned by experience and by heeding the advice of veteran teachers whom I admire greatly. 
But what if I were a tenured teacher? 
What if I had a few years under my belt? 
What if I needed to improve? 
What if I were accused of something that I may or may not have done, by an administrator? 
What if he/she just didn't like me? 
Or wanted to replace me with his/her friend's niece's cousin? 
Without due process, which is guaranteed by and the object of tenure, a teacher becomes an at-will employee. 
All the work he/she has done with students, all the time and effort put into being an educator, would be snatched out from underneath him/her. 
The media, thanks to Campbell Brown formerly Michelle Rhee and the education reform movement, wants to do just that. 
Propaganda such as lifetime employment as a teacher granted by tenure permeates the debate. 
Her organization, Partnership for Educational Justice, helps fuel the fire by spreading such falsehoods. 
Shadowing the grave injustice of the tenure defeat in California, Brown and PEJ is supporting seven parents in a lawsuit against New York State's teacher tenure laws calling for the overhaul of teacher tenure, because, they claim, unions protect bad teachers. 
Another lawsuit, once again, looms in the air. 
A parent in this new suit claims that That same teacher allegedly gave Natalie -LSB- her daughter -RSB- good grades despite her being unable to read. 
So why not take it up with that teacher? 
Or principal? 
None of the suits do. 
The complaint does not name the allegedly incompetent educators, but argues that tenure laws lead to bad teachers. 
So if that is the case then Mississippi with no teacher tenure should have stellar schools and Massachusetts with teacher tenure should have failing ones. 
Instead, it's the other way around. 
Correlation is not causation, of course, but across the country the states without tenure are at the bottom of performance rankings. 
States with the highest-achieving public schools have tenure and teacher unions. 
Point-by-point, Brown's arguments are unfounded. 
She, like her reform movement counterparts at Students First, is a union-buster. 
This is not a new tactic for the reform movement. 
Education reformers are mostly well-intentioned in that they want to improve schools and help students, especially our neediest ones. 
However, how to go about doing so are at odds with what most veteran educators believe would make a difference. 
Reformers believe in school choice, charters, improvement of teacher quality by way of merit pay and firing low-performing teachers. 
Teachers unions not only protect teachers as they should because they are LABOR unions, but they are large advocates of education. 
They lobby for better workplace conditions kids are part of that workplace ; we can advocate for students without fear of retaliation ; unionized states produce higher-achieving students ; they provide often free professional development so we can get better I frequently attend UFT PDs ; and they often hold events for teachers and students celebrating our accomplishments. 
Veteran teachers who oppose the reform movement know that there are many outside factors that affect student performance, such as abuse, hunger, homelessness, lack of parental support/supervision and illness. 
Many of these issues are rooted in larger societal problems that affect the community at large, such as poverty and institutional racism. 
It is indeed possible for children to overcome these circumstances and teachers can be a factor in that, but it is often the exception rather than the rule. 
We need the support of those around the child in the other parts of his/her life. 
Charters have the ability to screen student admissions as well as expel students for behavioral issues. 
Those students wind up back in community schools. 
Merit pay creates competition between teachers when we need to be working together. 
And incentives don't work. 
I know of very few teachers who are in it for the money. 
If a teacher is indeed low-performing year after year, or is found to have done something wrong, he/she is fired. 
All tenure guarantees is just cause. 
Do we really want to give absolute power to administrators to get rid of teachers for any reason they choose just or unjust, without a hearing? 
Yes, the education system needs an overhaul, but attacking teachers and bashing teachers unions isn't the way to do it. 
Reformers, we agree on the destination: better schools and equity for students. 
But we need to get on the same roadway. 
And not to privatization of our public schools. 
As a former low-performing teacher, I am grateful that no one gave up on me. 
I am proud to be a member of the most powerful union -LSB- s -RSB- in the country. 
The NEA, AFT, NYSUT and UFT. 
After all, how can anyone get better if we do not practice? 
I attend professional development and constantly learn from wonderful veteran teachers to inform my practice. 
Teaching is, after all, a practice. 
Catch it while it's here: the American Folk Art Museum is exhibiting the artwork of a working-class American original, Ralph Fasanella, from Sept. 2 -- Nov. 30. 
Fasanella's colorful, lively and detailed paintings are infused with history and politics and dense with visual descriptions of life in a still-recognizable New York City from an earlier era. 
Born in 1914, Fasanella worked many different jobs, beginning at age 8 when he assisted his father, an iceman, delivering ice to local homes in that pre-refrigeration age. 
He went on to work as a labor organizer, gas station attendant and truck driver -- but found his calling as a self-taught painter, recreating the world of the Lower East Side which he grew up in and knew intimately. 
In Family Supper, one of his various paintings depicting his hardworking Italian immigrant family, his mother, a garment worker, is at the center. 
The Iceman Crucified # 4, shows his father on a cross, a representation of the struggles of the working class. 
The trial of the Rosenbergs, the assassination of President Kennedy, Watergate, the 1912 Bread and Roses strike in Lawrence, Mass. -- all found their way into Fasanella's work. 
He also painted some of the more pleasant parts of working people's lives, including the joys of baseball or stoop-sitting outside apartment buildings, and the more mundane, such as his piece showing tired subway riders on the way home from work. 
Fasanella painted in obscurity for many years, until a 1972 New York magazine cover story shot him to fame, comparing him to another self-taught American master, Grandma Moses. 
It was a comparison he vehemently rejected, but his work sold well from that time on. 
In the 1980s, he teamed with a union organizer in a project called Public Domain which successfully raised money to buy back some of his works so they could be exhibited in public spaces such as the 53rd Street subway, the Ellis Island Museum and union halls throughout the country. 
Whether for your own enjoyment or as a springboard for teaching your students about New York and labor history, you won't want to miss Ralph Fasanella: Lest We Forget, at the American Folk Art Museum, 2 Lincoln Square, Columbus Avenue at 66th Street, NY, NY 10023. 
Admission is free. 
For hours, visit http://folkartmuseum.org/info. 
Graciously, the alums suggest expanding test prep for disadvantaged students to help them score higher on the Specialized High Schools Admissions Test. 
But beyond that they offer no solutions to the wild racial imbalances in admissions to these schools. 
In 2012-13, of 830 students who were offered admission to Stuyvesant, only nine were black and 24 were Latinos. 
That's 4 percent combined, in a school system where blacks and Latinos make up 70 percent of enrollment. 
Earlier this year, the UFT task force made up of teachers from those very high schools did offer solutions. 
They recommended thinking beyond the test, and taking steps to improve equity and access. 
There are students capable of doing the work, the task force said, who haven't been given the opportunity because the sole entry criterion is a single, flawed, test. 
As one Stuyvesant teacher on the panel said, I think I speak for just about all the teachers in my building when I say that we would want to opt for a system that was fairer in terms of admitting kids into our building. 
The gap between rich and poor has never been greater in our city, the task force notes. 
Our best public schools represent unique opportunities to level the playing field. 
Instead of remaining so racially imbalanced, they could become genuine centers of citywide excellence. 
Since when do due process rights for teachers hinder students' ability to learn? 
That's blogger Kristin Wald's reaction to the lawsuit filed by seven parents in New York State that seeks to erode due process protections for teachers. 
In a post titled Without Tenure -- Everything Is Awesome! 
, the Montclair, N.J. writer highlights the absurdity of faulting teachers' due process rights when students struggle to perform: 
It must be the teachers, you see. 
It MUST be. 
Because it couldn't be fine motor skills or exposure to reading and learning at home. 
And it couldn't be socio-economic status that poses particular challenges. 
It couldn't be health complications for a student or a student's family. 
Of course it couldn't be anything about the parents or community that affects a child's learning. 
And certainly the ability to learn wouldn't be affected by status as an English Language Learner or having stresses outside of school ... 
So it must be the teachers who are at fault. 
It must be tenure that is the problem. 
Tenure is what must change. 
Remove a teacher's protection from dismissal without due process and she 'll work harder, fall into line, do what she's told, scramble to get class test scores up, and be better. 
Those suing to get rid of tenure should spend their time & money ensuring excellent pre-K prep & long-term support for all students. 
... If you truly want excellent teachers, work for excellent working conditions instead of destroying the protections that tenure provides. 
Former CNN talk show host Campbell Brown is all over the headlines these days, but not for her skills as a journalist. 
Instead, Brown has reinvented herself as the face of attacks on teacher tenure, teacher unions and the teaching profession. 
My view of public education, claims Brown, begins and ends with the fundamental question: Is this good for children? 
Based on the lawsuit that Brown and her organization, the Partnership for Educational Justice, plan to file in New York -- modeled on Vergara v. California, which led to the striking down of California's tenure and seniority statutes -- Brown apparently thinks that what's good for children is firing their teachers. 
In her criticism of the lawsuit on her blog, education activist Diane Ravitch notes, One curious aspect to this copycat case is that no one has been able to establish the basic claim that every child would have a ` great' teacher if no teacher had due process rights or any job protections. 
If people like Campbell Brown really cared about poor kids, they would fight for small class sizes, arts teachers, school nurses, libraries, and improved conditions for teaching and learning. 
They don't. 
As evidence, Darling-Hammond points to the findings of the Teaching and Learning International Surveyof 100,000 teachers worldwide, which were released last week by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development. 
The survey, she said, revealed: 
American teachers today work harder under much more challenging conditions than teachers elsewhere in the industrialized world. 
They also receive less useful feedback, less helpful professional development, and have less time to collaborate to improve their work. 
Current education policies, writes Darling-Hammond, ignore the facts that one in four American children lives below the poverty line and a growing number are homeless, without regular access to food or health care, and stressed by violence and drug abuse around them. 
Educators now spend a great deal of their time trying to help children and families in their care manage these issues, while they also seek to close skill gaps and promote learning. 
Darling-Hammond highlighted the survey finding that nearly two-thirds of U.S. middle-school teachers work in schools where more than 30 percent of students are economically disadvantaged. 
That is triple the average rate reported in the survey, and by far the highest rate in the world, she said. 
We can not make major headway in raising student performance and closing the achievement gap until we make progress in closing the teaching gap, Darling-Hammond concludes. 
That means supporting children equitably outside as well as inside the classroom, creating a profession that is rewarding and well-supported, and designing schools that offer the conditions for both the student and teacher learning that will move American education forward. 
Researchers have found that large foundations are deliberately fueling the growth of charter school networks, also known as charter school management organizations. 
One recent study, described in our Research Shows column on page 17, looked closely at the explosive growth of charter school networks in California from 1999 to 2005. 
It found that four foundations had worked in concert to drive that growth: the Gates, Broad and Walton Family foundations along with the New Schools Venture Fund. 
Why would these foundations want to fund networks rather than independent schools? 
A main reason is that networks can grow. 
An explicit demand of the foundations in the California study was for networks to add more schools fast. 
Charter school leaders interviewed for the study said foundations told them that they would receive funding only if they had a plan to scale up. 
Some of the charter organizations aimed to grow big enough within a particular school district to challenge that school system. 
One said that scaling up was akin to having an effect on public education the way FedEx affected the Post Office. 
We know that the ultimate goal of many in the corporate education reform movement is to privatize public education. 
These foundations and the other billionaire funders of the corporate reform movement see building up charter school networks as a pivotal part of that work. 
We must call out the orchestrated, top-down growth of the charter school movement. 
Studies show that charters perform no better and often worse than public schools. 
And an unbridled and unregulated increase in charter schools poses a threat to public education and our democracy. 
Picture a kindergarten classroom. 
What do you see? 
Chances are, your mental image doesn't include blank walls. 
But a new study by researchers at Carnegie Mellon University found that kindergarten students in a visually stimulating classroom tended to be more distracted than those in a comparatively sterile environment. 
In the austere classroom in the study, the kindergartners -- age-appropriately wriggly and restless -- were inclined to be distracted by others or even themselves. 
In the decorated one, the visuals competed with the teacher for their attention. 
The children spent far more time off-task in the decorated classroom than in the plain one, and their test scores were also lower. 
Yet teachers of primary grades often start the year with decorated classrooms to help create a cheerful and welcoming environment. 
And many teachers have had administrators who expect them to cover every inch of wall space with some kind of chart or poster. 
Tell us: What's your reaction to this new research? 
What works for you when decorating your own classrooms? 
Some observers call the all-charter district a grand urban experiment. 
We see the unfettered, underregulated expansion of charters as a threat to children's education and to democracy. 
After Hurricane Katrina in 2005, the state took over 102 of New Orleans' 117 schools. 
More than 7,000 teachers and other school employees were booted out. 
Charter operators were invited in. 
Charter boosters in New Orleans point to higher state test scores and graduation rates than before Katrina. 
But such comparisons are questionable because many families and students who lived in the city prior to the storm have left. 
Other trends are clearer. 
A 2010 study by the University of Minnesota Law School found that while New Orleans remains a majority African-American city, 80 percent of its white students attend the most selective, higher-performing charter schools while children of color and lower economic status attend lower-ranked schools. 
A similar lack of fairness can be found in the treatment of educators. 
While most of the fired teachers were African-American, many of the new recruits are white. 
The fired educators sued for unfair termination and won. 
Unequal treatment can thrive more easily in a district of privately run, though publicly funded, charter schools. 
The privatization and decentralization of New Orleans schools have led to both a loss of community control and a diminished sense of community as neighborhood schools disappear. 
Public education isn't important because it serves the public, the late cultural critic Neil Postman said. 
It is important because it creates the public. 
Great for starters. 
You 'll get the real-time scoop from commuters on your line via e-mail. 
Day-to-day commuters should check out our premium service, The Inside Track. 
You receive the benefit of our patent-pending technology, years of experience, a vast historical database, and real-time integration with the transit providers. 
The Inside Track is a portfolio of over 30 value-added features which runs on all devices ... and will transform your commute. 
Clever Commute Professional CCP helps news/media organizations, transit providers, and companies of all kind. 
We deliver the commuter alerts as a standard datafeed ... along with other advisories and value-added services. 
This helps you help your audience, your commuters and your employees. 
Earlier this morning, the MTA announced that they will be purchasing 120 new buses. 
Here is more via the official press release: 
The delivery of the low floor 40-foot diesel production buses is scheduled to begin in June 2015 and be completed in September 2015. 
The delivery of the low floor 60-foot articulated diesel production buses is scheduled to begin in October 2015 and be completed in June of the following year. 
The combined total award to New Flyer is $ 80,072,520. 
The price per bus for the 40-foot bus is $ 496,267 and the contract includes special tools, manuals, training and spare parts for a total contract amount of $ 22,737,553. 
The price per bus for the 60-foot bus is $ 755,074 and also includes special tools, testing, manuals, training and spare parts for a total contract amount of $ 57,334,968. 
This will be the first time that low-floor articulated equipment will be used on MTA Bus Company routes. 
Low-floor bus design makes it easier and faster for customers to board and exit, both speeding service and eliminating the need for customers to negotiate steps. 
Customers who must use wheelchairs also find low-floor buses to be more convenient as they utilize a front-door ramp rather than a rear-door lift. 
As part of the ongoing effort to modernize the nation's largest municipal bus fleet, the Metropolitan Transportation Authority MTA is seeking Board approval next week to award federally funded contracts to bus manufacturer New Flyer of America New Flyer for the delivery of 120 new low-floor transit buses, to be used by MTA Bus Company. 
The award consists of two contracts for 75 low floor 60-foot articulated diesel buses and 45 low floor 40-foot diesel buses. 
Make sure to follow @TransitBlogger on Twitter by clicking the button in the sidebar as I am using it more often. 
Also if you are into indie music make sure to follow @IndMusicReview & @SurgeFM! 
Also some bus routes will be rerouted.
Here are the details: 
The People's Climate March will be held on Sunday, September 21, between 11:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. in midtown Manhattan. 
The March's route will begin at Central Park West, between 65 St and 86 Sts, with participants travelling through Midtown and Times Square, ending at 11 Av between 34 St and 38 St, near the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center. 
Attendance could reach upwards of 60,000 people for this event. 
Earlier today, New York State Governor Andrew Cuomo announced that the state will receive $ 1.915 billion in storm resiliency funding from the federal government. 
Approximately $ 1.6 billion of the funding will go to the MTA. 
Here are the details: 
Governor Andrew M. Cuomo today announced that New York State expects to receive $ 1.915 billion in storm resiliency funding from the federal government. 
The funding from the Federal Transit Administration will support the Governor's goal of improving the State's storm resiliency and building back better in the aftermath of major storms. 
Adjusting to the new reality of extreme weather is a collaborative effort, and the more than $ 1.9 billion awarded today by the federal government will help us build a stronger and more resilient New York, Governor Cuomo said. 
Superstorm Sandy taught us the importance of preparing for the worst and the need to reimagine our state to meet the challenges of a changing climate. 
Over the past few years we 've focused on everything from storm-proofing homes and electrical stations to protecting subway entrances and other vital infrastructure from the effects of major flooding. 
This funding will ensure that our State has the resources it needs to continue building back stronger and better than ever before. 
Of the $ 1.915 billion in funding from the Federal Transit Administration, approximately $ 1.6 billion supports projects managed by the Metropolitan Transportation Authority and approximately $ 212 million supports projects managed by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. 
The New York City Department of Transportation is also expected to approximately $ 200 million. 
MTA Chairman and CEO Thomas Prendergast said, With each passing day, the MTA puts Superstorm Sandy further behind us as we restore service and repair our infrastructure. 
But we also know that similar events are ahead, so we are building back better, making our transportation network stronger, more resistant to major storms and thus more resilient. 
This is a new way of thinking at the MTA and one which must become a permanent feature of how we plan the future of the transportation system that is the backbone of our regional and state economy. 
Port Authority Executive Director Pat Foye said, Under Governor Cuomo's leadership the Port Authority has committed to building back better and more resilient in the face of extreme weather events. 
Today's FTA Tier 3 awards allow us to move forward on critical resiliency projects at the WTC Transportation Hub and Moynihan Station, both vitally important to the regional transportation network and the New York State economy. 
I thank Governor Cuomo for his steadfast commitment to protecting New York and the region from future super storms. 
Superstorm Sandy's tidal surge inundated yards throughout the system, damaging power and communications systems, switches, signals and track, sometimes flooding into tunnels to further damage assets. 
This project will protect ten rail yards in flood-prone areas with a design to meet or exceed the 100-year design standard, improving perimeter protection, drainage improvements and pumping. 
The yards are in Manhattan, Brooklyn and Queens and support the entire New York City subway system with facilities for repair, cleaning, maintenance, restoration and storage of thousands of subway cars. 
The MTA has identified more than 500 openings serving stations in Lower Manhattan alone which allow water into the subway system. 
These necessary openings, such as stairwells, elevators, escalators, sidewalk vents and manholes -- through which millions of gallons of salt water entered the system during Sandy -- will receive fixed or deployable emergency flood covers. 
The severe storm surge during Sandy caused extensive damage, including more than three miles of flooded rail line across Jamaica Bay and a quarter mile breach that disrupted service, and necessitated a seven month shut-down of the subway link to the Rockaways. 
Work to date includes a steel seawall to protect against future storm surges. 
However, two flood prone stations and other assets critical to the Rockaway Line require protection and flood mitigation: Howard Beach Station and Broad Channel Station, the right of way between the stations and related substations and a relay room. 
Further improvements will include a new signaled crossover at Beach 105 Street Station to provide service flexibility after storms. 
This project is a joint effort by two of the nation's largest railroads with the support of New Jersey Transit to protect the rail tunnels and yard system that serve the railroads and ensure the connectivity of service on both commuter railroads and the entire northeast corridor. 
The affected assets range from the western portals of the North River Tunnels in Weehawken to the eastern portals of the East River Tunnels in Queens and include Penn Station and the West Side Yards, a system through which some 560,000 commuters travel each weekday. 
This funding will support the upgrading of New York City Transit's Emergency Booth Communications system to allow faster and more reliable emergency communications to customers and among personnel during emergencies. 
The system will provide instant two-way communication between stations and the Rail Control Center. 
The project also includes a Backup Power Control Center to minimize risk of power outages and will also enhance backup systems to the Rail Control Center, the nerve center of the subway system, and central control for dispatching and monitoring all subway service. 
The Port Authority received $ 84.675 million for its World Trade Center site Flood Mitigation and Resiliency Program. 
The program offers significant flood protection improvements to secure the site, the WTC PATH Terminal and other nearby intermodal transit connections from future catastrophic storm events. 
Specific measures taken by the program include modifications to adapt many of the WTC's street level bollards to accommodate installation of flood barrier panels, localized structures below grade to protect essential mechanical and electrical equipment and other essential operational systems and enhanced water collection, drainage systems. 
Governor Cuomo received an overview of the program during his visit to the WTC site on the one-year anniversary of Superstorm Sandy. 
An additional $ 40.2 million was awarded to protect critical life safety and electrical equipment in the Penn-Moynihan Station Complex from catastrophic damages during heavy rains and future superstorms. 
The funding will be used to waterproof the existing concrete moat slab and sidewalk, and to install a green roof with irrigation on the moat slab. 
The funding will also help to protect critical electrical equipment, mitigating a potential loss in rail service along the most heavily traveled rail corridor in the nation and preserving existing electrical and life safety systems being installed as part of the first phase of the Moynihan Station project. 
Kevin W. Sharer, the chief executive, and Dr. Roger M. Perlmutter, the head of research, will step down in 2012. 
The company's growth has slowed in recent years. 
The gene responsible for cystic fibrosis was discovered in 1989. 
Now, 22 years later, a drug that tries to compensate for the genetic defect might be nearing the market. 
Vertex Pharmaceuticals announced Wednesday morning that the drug, VX-770, ... 
The shaving industry, long dominated by giants like Gillette and Schick, now includes a wave of well-financed start-ups. 
Dollar Shave Club, which just raised a $ 50 million round of venture capital, offers inexpensive replacement razor blades. 
Harry's offers a similar product, but with stylish handles as well. 
Bevel products cater to African-American men, who are often pained by razor burn, according to the company. 
There's kind of a game going on, where there's way too much margin, said David Pakman, a partner at Venrock, a venture capital firm that is an investor in Dollar Shave Club. 
The big guys are overcharging you, while smaller companies like ours can give you the best products in the world for a fraction of the price. 
In 2004 Gillette reported a 60 percent gross margin before being bought by Procter & Gamble. 
Gillette's blades now often cost $ 10 to $ 40, depending on the number of razor cartridges purchased. 
This is where Michael Dubin, co-founder of Dollar Shave Club, saw opportunity. 
Mr. Dubin offered a subscription service online, shipping razors for $ 1 to $ 9. 
The company said it expected to generate $ 60 million in revenue this year, triple its revenue for 2013. 
One million people receive the company's products in the mail monthly or every other month through its subscription service. 
Mr. Dubin said part of the company's success came from men being more concerned about their grooming. 
The company has also found marketing success, including with a 93-second video released in 2012 that racked up more than 16 million views on YouTube. 
Gone is this stigma of being a metrosexual, sharing your grooming tips with one another, Mr. Dubin said. 
Am I buying motor oil, or am I buying something to put on my face to look and smell good? 
In shaving, Bevel, which is backed by the prominent venture capital firm Andreessen Horowitz, markets its old-school safety razor product set to African-American men, a demographic that the company's founder, Tristan Walker, said had largely been ignored. 
Bevel's starter kit, which includes a safety razor, shaving cream, priming oil and other facial accouterments, starts at $ 29. 
And Harry's, the design-focused shaving start-up, offers its customers starter packages at $ 15 and $ 25. 
Other start-ups offering less expensive consumer products include Casper, which sells mail-order mattresses to consumers online for as little as $ 500, nearly a tenth of the cost of high-end bed sets. 
And Warby Parker, the successful online eyeglasses retailer, offers a range of trendy eyewear for far less than the cost of many frames. 
Jeffrey Raider, a co-founder of Warby Parker, even went on to start Harry's just three years after introducing the eyewear company. 
In January Harry's raised more than $ 100 million in venture capital and bought its own razor factory in Eisfeld, Germany. 
So far, the giants still dominate their markets. 
Unilever Home & Personal Care had a 27 percent share of the men's toiletries market last year, according to Euromonitor, a market research firm. 
Procter & Gamble controls the men's grooming market, with a 59 percent share in razors and blades. 
To defeat the new competition, some of the giants are trying to mimic some of their smaller rivals' tactics. 
Procter & Gamble, for instance, now offers an online subscription service for ordering its Gillette razors. 
The incumbents are kind of trapped, Mr. Pakman said, partly because of marketing costs. 
For one new product, the ProGlide with FlexBall razor, Procter & Gamble reportedly set aside $ 200 million for marketing. 
Gillette really can't sell directly to customers because they can't tick off the retailers. 
And they can't cut their prices by two-thirds, because their whole business model would break. 
Now, the entrepreneurs behind the start-ups sense other opportunities in adjacent markets. 
Dollar Shave Club, Harry's and others have moved into shaving cream, after-shave and men's moisturizer products, a market that rose in 2013 to $ 261 million in the United States, 7 percent higher than the year before, according to Euromonitor. 
Getting the price as low as you can get is really the way you can play in this market, said Tim Barrett, a research analyst at Euromonitor. 
Anybody that can underprice Gillette and Schick can do well. 
The beard trend is real, he said. 
But I'd say that the vast majority of American men still get up, shave the hair off their face and go to work. 
Daniel Eckert, senior vice president at Walmart, said on Tuesday that the accounts would be available nationwide by the end of October. 
The accounts are intended to be low-cost alternatives to traditional bank checking accounts, with no fees for overdrafts or bounced checks and no minimum account balance. 
The new accounts from Green Dot, called GoBank, will cost $ 8.95 a month if they have direct deposits totaling less than $ 500 a month. 
Mr. Eckert said that most people on Social Security or fixed pensions would qualify. 
GoBank, as the service is known, is part of Walmart's long-running push into financial services for people with little or no access to traditional banking. 
In recent years, many banks have reduced services to those with weak credit. 
According to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, an estimated 10 million households in the United States do not use a bank. 
Consumer advocates say that many people without checking accounts are forced into the financial hinterlands, where they have little choice but to turn to costly alternatives for basic transactions. 
Fees for these services can quickly add up, making saving even more difficult. 
In an uneven economic recovery, Walmart is also pushing to win back customers it is losing to lower-price retailers, from T.J.Maxx to dollar stores like Dollar Tree and Family Dollar. 
On Tuesday, the NPD Group, a market research company, said dollar stores were seeing the largest increase among brick-and-mortar retailers. 
Their core consumer, the lower-end consumer, is faring disproportionately poorly in the overall economy, said Faye Landes, retail analyst at Cowen, an investment management group. 
So anything they can do to get them back from the dollar stores and back in their own stores makes total sense. 
Walmart has been eyeing financial services for some time. 
Two years ago, the company announced a partnership with American Express to offer a prepaid card and debit accounts. 
Retailers like Target and 7-Eleven also offer prepaid cards. 
But the new Walmart initiative will be the first full-blown, off-the-shelf checking account. 
To help attract customers, Walmart and Green Dot will forgo a screening system many banks use to vet potential customers and rely instead on a proprietary system. 
The model is expected to allow almost any consumer who passes an identification check to open an account in minutes, according to Green Dot. 
In the past, Walmart has tried to secure a federal bank charter to become a deposit-taking bank, but abandoned that effort in 2007 in the face of opposition from the banking industry. 
Since then, the retailer has assembled an array of services that could be offered without a charter, as well as partnerships with financial service companies like Green Dot. 
Wearing purple T-shirts, a group of Sisters of Mercy -- as one of them put it, commonly known as nuns -- came to the march from all around the northeast of the country. 
The women told Op-Talk they were protesting because earth and creation are being destroyed, polluted. 
It's a matter of justice, and we're about justice and compassion for anyone who is marginalized or oppressed, and the earth is among those, said Frances Thomas, 71. 
Not far, a group of wholly different sisters marched, wearing green. 
One of the protesters was Bridget Burns, 29, the advocacy and communications director for the Women's Environment and Development Organization, a group that helped organize the women's contingent of the march. 
We're here to talk about climate change being an issue of social justice, Ms. Burns told Op-Talk. 
Yes, it impacts everyone, but impacts people differently, depending on who has access to resources. 
And that has a gendered face, a woman's face, she said, explaining that women are particularly affected by natural disasters from droughts to tsunamis. 
The march carried many messages from many individuals and groups -- as many as 1,300 -- from Moms Clean Air Force to activists from the AIDS awareness group Act Up. 
But the overarching demand was clear: Climate change is a problem, and something needs to be done. 
The first step is to just acknowledge that something is happening, the actor Joseph Gordon-Levitt told Op-Talk. 
Big money has been able to frame the conversation such that a lot of people still think it's debatable whether it's been happening or not. 
What was valuable about the march, with its overwhelming and diverse turnout, Mr. Gordon-Levitt said, is that it made the climate movement's claims irrefutable. 
The voice of global concern for action on climate change is back, and this time it's no longer an environmental issue, it's an everybody issue, one of the march's organizers, Ricken Patel of Avaaz, a global activism movement, wrote in an op-ed for CNN. 
Climate change has gone beyond environmentalism, it's now about the economy, jobs, justice, family, security. 
Marcelo Magnasco, 50, a biophysicist at the Rockefeller University in New York, marched in his white lab coat. 
I'm one of the 97 percent of scientists that believe that climate change is real, and its anthropogenic, he told Op-Talk. 
Mr. Magnasco brought his entire family to the march, including his 5-year-old daughter, Luna. 
This is my children's fight. 
We are leaving them this mess, aren't we? 
The younger generation is already fighting, and in large numbers. 
A numerous, and loud, contingent of students representing the movement pushing colleges to divest from fossil fuels marched holding a sign saying Our Future, Our Choice. 
Our futures and our values are at stake said Iliana Salazar-Dodge, 19, a sophomore at Columbia. 
Ms. Salazar-Dodge is part of the Fossil Fuel Divestment Student Network, a group of activists on 400 campuses across the country. 
Ms. Salazar-Dodge echoed Ms. Burns's sentiment that climate change affects some people more than others. 
People of low socioeconomic status as well as indigenous people in tropical regions would be most affected by sea level rise, she told Op-Talk, adding that she was concerned for her own family in Mexico, which was recently hit by one of the most severe storms in decades. 
This sense of urgency was emphasized by the march's organizers. 
There is a gap between the speed of action our survival requires and the action our governments are taking, Mr. Patel writes. 
The street is how we close that gap, because politicians will move faster when people move them. 
Bill McKibben, another organizer and founder of 350. 
org, writes at The New Yorker that marches aren't subtle ; they don't lay out detailed manifestos. 
But the night before, one such manifesto was introduced at the Climate Convergence conference that accompanied the march. 
Naomi Klein, a journalist, activist and author of the books No Logo and The Shock Doctrine: The Rise of Disaster Capitalism, spoke at St. Peter's Church in Midtown Manhattan about her new book, This Changes Everything. 
In her book, Ms. Klein argues that the root cause of climate change is capitalism, emphasizing that if no profound and radical changes to the system are made, a climate catastrophe is inevitable. 
The bottom line is what matters here: Our economic system and our planetary system are now at war, Ms. Klein writes. 
Only one of these sets of rules can be changed, and it's not the laws of nature. 
Both in her book and during the talk, Ms. Klein admitted that she, along with many others on the left, had ignored the importance of climate change for years. 
While talking to an activist from a developing country, she writes, she realized not only the urgency of the problem but a potential for larger change that could eliminate the inequality plaguing our societies while at the same time alleviating climate change. 
Some of her solutions include rebuilding and reviving local economies or reclaiming our democracies from corrosive corporate influence, and blocking new free trade deals. 
The issue of climate change can not be left to governments whose efforts -- begun in the late 1980s -- have largely been sluggish and ineffective. 
Some preliminary data show that since 1990, carbon emissions rose by 61 percent, Ms. Klein points out. 
In This Changes Everything, she dismisses the partnership between big green groups and corporations and calls for a mass, grass-roots movement. 
The book has also drawn criticism. 
Both Mr. Bentley and John Gray at The Guardian criticize Ms. Klein for the relative lack of specific ideas for an alternative economic system to the one she demolishes in her argument. 
Mr. Gray writes that her central argument is faulty. 
Humans have been causing damage to the climate long before the rise of capitalism, he says. 
Instead of framing it as a clash between the planet and capitalism, it would be more accurate to say the conflict is between the expanding demands of humankind and a finite world. 
He adds, on a more optimistic note that the winner is clear: The Earth is vastly older and stronger than the human animal. 
This article is part of Op-Talk, a new feature of NYT Opinion. 
Get unlimited access to our expanded Opinion section and try our new NYT Opinion iPhone app for free. 
Wearing purple T-shirts, a group of Sisters of Mercy -- as one of them put it, commonly known as nuns -- came to the march from all around the northeast of the country. 
The women told Op-Talk they were protesting because earth and creation are being destroyed, polluted. 
It's a matter of justice, and we're about justice and compassion for anyone who is marginalized or oppressed, and the earth is among those, said Frances Thomas, 71. 
Not far, a group of wholly different sisters marched, wearing green. 
One of the protesters was Bridget Burns, 29, the advocacy and communications director for the Women's Environment and Development Organization, a group that helped organize the women's contingent of the march. 
We're here to talk about climate change being an issue of social justice, Ms. Burns told Op-Talk. 
Yes, it impacts everyone, but impacts people differently, depending on who has access to resources. 
And that has a gendered face, a woman's face, she said, explaining that women are particularly affected by natural disasters from droughts to tsunamis. 
The march carried many messages from many individuals and groups -- as many as 1,300 -- from Moms Clean Air Force to activists from the AIDS awareness group Act Up. 
But the overarching demand was clear: Climate change is a problem, and something needs to be done. 
The first step is to just acknowledge that something is happening, the actor Joseph Gordon-Levitt told Op-Talk. 
Big money has been able to frame the conversation such that a lot of people still think it's debatable whether it's been happening or not. 
What was valuable about the march, with its overwhelming and diverse turnout, Mr. Gordon-Levitt said, is that it made the climate movement's claims irrefutable. 
The voice of global concern for action on climate change is back, and this time it's no longer an environmental issue, it's an everybody issue, one of the march's organizers, Ricken Patel of Avaaz, a global activism movement, wrote in an op-ed for CNN. 
Climate change has gone beyond environmentalism, it's now about the economy, jobs, justice, family, security. 
Marcelo Magnasco, 50, a biophysicist at the Rockefeller University in New York, marched in his white lab coat. 
I'm one of the 97 percent of scientists that believe that climate change is real, and its anthropogenic, he told Op-Talk. 
Mr. Magnasco brought his entire family to the march, including his 5-year-old daughter, Luna. 
This is my children's fight. 
We are leaving them this mess, aren't we? 
The younger generation is already fighting, and in large numbers. 
A numerous, and loud, contingent of students representing the movement pushing colleges to divest from fossil fuels marched holding a sign saying Our Future, Our Choice. 
Our futures and our values are at stake said Iliana Salazar-Dodge, 19, a sophomore at Columbia. 
Ms. Salazar-Dodge is part of the Fossil Fuel Divestment Student Network, a group of activists on 400 campuses across the country. 
Ms. Salazar-Dodge echoed Ms. Burns's sentiment that climate change affects some people more than others. 
People of low socioeconomic status as well as indigenous people in tropical regions would be most affected by sea level rise, she told Op-Talk, adding that she was concerned for her own family in Mexico, which was recently hit by one of the most severe storms in decades. 
This sense of urgency was emphasized by the march's organizers. 
There is a gap between the speed of action our survival requires and the action our governments are taking, Mr. Patel writes. 
The street is how we close that gap, because politicians will move faster when people move them. 
Bill McKibben, another organizer and founder of 350. 
org, writes at The New Yorker that marches aren't subtle ; they don't lay out detailed manifestos. 
But the night before, one such manifesto was introduced at the Climate Convergence conference that accompanied the march. 
Naomi Klein, a journalist, activist and author of the books No Logo and The Shock Doctrine: The Rise of Disaster Capitalism, spoke at St. Peter's Church in Midtown Manhattan about her new book, This Changes Everything. 
In her book, Ms. Klein argues that the root cause of climate change is capitalism, emphasizing that if no profound and radical changes to the system are made, a climate catastrophe is inevitable. 
The bottom line is what matters here: Our economic system and our planetary system are now at war, Ms. Klein writes. 
Only one of these sets of rules can be changed, and it's not the laws of nature. 
Both in her book and during the talk, Ms. Klein admitted that she, along with many others on the left, had ignored the importance of climate change for years. 
While talking to an activist from a developing country, she writes, she realized not only the urgency of the problem but a potential for larger change that could eliminate the inequality plaguing our societies while at the same time alleviating climate change. 
Some of her solutions include rebuilding and reviving local economies or reclaiming our democracies from corrosive corporate influence, and blocking new free trade deals. 
The issue of climate change can not be left to governments whose efforts -- begun in the late 1980s -- have largely been sluggish and ineffective. 
Some preliminary data show that since 1990, carbon emissions rose by 61 percent, Ms. Klein points out. 
In This Changes Everything, she dismisses the partnership between big green groups and corporations and calls for a mass, grass-roots movement. 
The book has also drawn criticism. 
Both Mr. Bentley and John Gray at The Guardian criticize Ms. Klein for the relative lack of specific ideas for an alternative economic system to the one she demolishes in her argument. 
Mr. Gray writes that her central argument is faulty. 
Humans have been causing damage to the climate long before the rise of capitalism, he says. 
Instead of framing it as a clash between the planet and capitalism, it would be more accurate to say the conflict is between the expanding demands of humankind and a finite world. 
He adds, on a more optimistic note that the winner is clear: The Earth is vastly older and stronger than the human animal. 
This article is part of Op-Talk, a new feature of NYT Opinion. 
Get unlimited access to our expanded Opinion section and try our new NYT Opinion iPhone app for free. 
The app is free to download. 
All users can access up to 10 Times articles per month free. 
Subscribers get unlimited access to the NYT Opinion app. 
They also receive unlimited access to all Opinion articles online at NYTimes.com / opinion. 
Subscribe today and your first month is free. 
* 
Your subscription will automatically renew each month and your credit card will be charged through your iTunes account. 
You can turn off auto-renew at any time from your iTunes account settings. 
If you have any problems, comments or suggestions for improving our app, please contact us at nytopinioncare@nytimes.com, call 1-800-591-9233, or find us at @NYTimesMobile on Twitter and we will do our best to assist you. 
Your feedback is important to us. 
* Introductory offer only valid for first-time subscribers. 
Offer valid once per user. 
** Does not include the NYTimes App for iPhone, the NYTimes App for iPad, the NYT Now app, Premium Crosswords or The New York Times Crosswords apps. 
Other restrictions apply. 
Mr. Liu, who was expelled from the Communist Party last year, is one of the first senior officials felled under President Xi Jinping's anticorruption campaign to have gone on trial. 
The charges, which date back more than a decade, accuse him of accepting millions of dollars, company shares and a Nissan from businessmen. 
He is also accused of allowing businessmen to give his son, Liu Decheng, bribes including a villa, a Porsche and $ 1.2 million salary for a nonexistent job. 
Prosecutors are seeking a life sentence for Liu Tienan ; his son is to be tried separately. 
The trial comes almost two years after a prominent journalist said online that Mr. Liu had engaged in unscrupulous business deals. 
The journalist, Luo Changping, also accused him of threatening to kill his mistress and exaggerating his academic credentials. 
In December 2012, Mr. Luo, then the deputy editor of Caijing Magazine, wrote three posts on the Sina Weibo microblog platform detailing those accusations against Mr. Liu, whose mistress had contacted the journalist. 
At the time, Mr. Liu was also the head of the National Energy Administration. 
He was stripped of that position in May 2013, the same month that Communist Party anticorruption agents announced that he was being investigated on suspicion of grave violations of discipline. 
Mr. Liu has not been charged in connection with the accusations about the death threat or his credentials. 
But the bribery case gives the Chinese government yet another opportunity to show the public that it is committed to stamping out corruption. 
Mr. Xi has vowed to go after both senior and junior officials, or tigers and flies as he has put it, who are guilty of graft and other forms of misconduct that threaten to undermine confidence in the party. 
But even as the anticorruption campaign has brought down high-ranking officials once thought to be untouchable, such as China's former security chief Zhou Yongkang, the authorities have been making it increasingly difficult for muckraking citizens to expose official wrongdoing. 
In June, the government announced rules barring journalists from writing articles without their employers' permission or setting up their own websites. 
Last month, new regulations on social media platforms barred users with public accounts from posting or reposting news about politics or current affairs without government approval. 
Despite the publicity surrounding Mr. Liu's fall, many Chinese are skeptical that the anticorruption campaign is really about rooting out systemic abuses within the government. 
Zhu Ruifeng, a Beijing blogger who has detailed more than 50 cases of suspected corruption, dismissed the trial as political showmanship. 
The majority of the Chinese officials under investigation, Mr. Zhu said, only end up in that situation because they made grievous political mistakes. 
Most times it's just because they're on the wrong team or they're so exposed online that it can't be covered up, he said. 
Mr. Zhu was doubtful that whistle-blowers would ever be truly empowered to stop corrupt officials. 
It only counts when certain government departments recognize official behavior as corruption, he said. 
It's not like we can report on whomever we want. 
So essentially the prize of bringing someone in has to go to them. 
GLENEAGLES, Scotland -- As the top-ranked player and lodestar of the European team, Rory McIlroy is right back where he was two years ago at the last Ryder Cup, won by the Europeans with a Sunday singles session for the ages. 
McIlroy was instrumental in the upset of the Americans, but not before giving his squad of elders a few more gray hairs. 
At the start of the 2012 event, the talk was that McIlroy was in the American team's cross hairs. 
And yet, as the final day's pivotal singles matches were set to begin at Medinah Country Club outside Chicago, McIlroy was in nobody's sights. 
Roughly 30 minutes before McIlroy was due to tee off in the third match of the day, he was missing. 
His fellow Ulsterman Graeme McDowell, who was playing in the seventh match, was already at the course. 
We were like: ` Where is he? 
This is problematic,' McDowell said. 
It was quite an amazing thing, really. 
José María Olazábal, Europe's frazzled captain, could laugh recently while recounting the chaotic scene. 
But he was not smiling that Sunday morning when he stood on Medinah's first tee, waiting for Luke Donald to tee off against Bubba Watson, and heard a voice in his headset say, Ollie, we have a problem. 
At the hotel shared by both teams about 11 miles away, the local police from the Village of Lombard had canvassed the volunteers at the hotel's transportation desk and the security on each floor, and no one recalled seeing McIlroy leave. 
Patrick Rollins, then Lombard's deputy chief, said, I started panicking. 
He consulted with a lieutenant, Roy Newton, who decided to accompany a European Tour representative to McIlroy's room for a welfare check. 
Rollins was afraid of what they might find. 
In the previous 18 months, the police force, in tandem with the Ryder Cup organizers, had formed a contingency plan for every emergency, it seemed, except the disappearance or demise of a player. 
Absolutely, I was concerned, Rollins said Monday by phone from Sugar Grove, Ill., where he is the chief of police. 
I was thinking about recent cases of people in the news who were found in their hotel rooms injured or worse. 
Newton rapped on the door, and McIlroy, who had been talking to his then-girlfriend Caroline Wozniacki, was startled by the intrusion. 
He had misread the schedule, confusing Eastern time for Central time. 
He had less than a half-hour to make the roughly 20-minute commute, so it was McIlroy's turn to panic. 
If he could not catch up with his opponent, Keegan Bradley, within five minutes of their tee time, he would lose not just the first hole but the match, according to the agreement signed by the captains before the event. 
Bradley, who was playing in his first Ryder Cup, had arrived at the course early so he could whip the partisan crowd at the first tee into a patriotic froth. 
As the minutes ticked by and there was no sign of McIlroy, Bradley grew anxious. 
It was a little distracting, he said, because everyone was talking about it, coming up to me. 
He added, It was kind of helter-skelter. 
There's no way I was going to let him forfeit the match by not showing up, he said. 
We were going to bump our time back or move back when he showed up. 
I was panicking, I really was, McIlroy said, adding: Because it wasn't just me that was going to have the disappointment of showing up late, it was 11 other guys on the team and the captain and the vice captains. 
So it was a pretty scary moment. 
Rushing to the rescue was Rollins. 
His unmarked Crown Victoria, parked in front of the hotel, was warmed up because he had begun his morning in a convoy to the airport for former President George H. W. Bush and his wife, Barbara, who had attended Saturday's matches. 
The thing that I was worried about was letting the team down, McIlroy said. 
We were already in a bad position. 
It was 10-6, and the last thing they needed was me to have to forfeit a game because I was late. 
Rollins radioed officers along the route with the cryptic message I'm bringing a V.I.P. and I need clear access. 
Laughing at the recollection, he said, Everyone assumed it was one of the former presidents. 
He took his eyes off the road only a few times. 
The first was to reassure McIlroy he would get him to the course on time. 
The second was after he was forced to brake quickly. 
Rollins said he turned to McIlroy and asked, Do you get car sick or motion sickness? 
When McIlroy said he did not, Rollins said he picked up the pace. 
They cleared a path, and after Rollins made the turn, McIlroy directed him to the best entrance to the course. 
He arrived with 11 minutes to spare. 
As soon as I came to an abrupt halt, his door opened and he had one foot on the ground and he darted out, Rollins said. 
And I was O.K. with that. 
I would have been doing the same thing. 
McIlroy slipped on his golf shoes, hit a few practice putts while eating an energy bar and then spoke to a relieved Olazábal. 
McIlroy made his way to the first tee, where the fans Bradley had helped rile up greeted him with a Central time chant. 
No one is worried about McIlroy, or any other golfer, not making it to Gleneagles on time. 
The teams are staying at the resort hotel on the grounds. 
SETTING: Angwin is a residential and viticultural community of about 3,000 residents in Napa County. 
This house is on more than 15 densely wooded acres on Howell Mountain. 
The mountain is home to an ever-growing number of wineries, including Ladera, Outpost and O’Shaughnessy. 
The area is dotted with state parks crisscrossed by hiking and biking trails. 
INDOORS: The contemporary is divided into two tower-like wings, separated by a concrete courtyard. 
The first wing was built in 1993 ; the second in 2008, at which point the original wing was extensively renovated. 
Both are clad with stucco and corrugated metal and have walls of glass overlooking woods. 
The house was designed by Batter Kay Associates, a firm that specializes in contemporary architecture. 
Common areas are in the original wing and up a small staircase from the front door. 
The great room has slate floors and walls of glass on three sides, one opening to the courtyard. 
A sleek wood-burning stove made by the Danish company Rais heats the space in the winter, while clerestory windows near the roofline draw additional light. 
The room also has a large built-in bookcase made from Douglas fir. 
Kitchen fixtures include a six-burner Wolf range, an LG refrigerator, custom Douglas fir cabinets and Corian counters. 
An upstairs loft with floor-to-ceiling windows is used as a reading nook. 
There is also a temperature-controlled wine room with shelves for 600 bottles, concrete floors and sliding glass doors to the outside. 
Across the courtyard in the new wing are the master suite and two additional bedrooms. 
This wing has bamboo floors and plenty of light. 
The entryway to the master suite is a gallery with built-in niches and recessed lighting. 
A curved wall of white maple cabinets leads into the bedroom, which has a gas fireplace with soapstone trim and is set into a wall of maple storage cabinets. 
Bathroom fixtures include dual Decolav bowl sinks, and an open shower with a head made by Vola, a Danish company known for its work by Arne Jacobsen. 
The bathroom opens to a small patio with an outdoor shower. 
One of the other bedrooms has its own patio ; the third is used as an office. 
OUTDOOR SPACE: The house is surrounded by woods. 
The courtyard between the wings has a concrete floor, a granite table, pendant lighting and a built-in sound system. 
The space can be enclosed with rolling garage-style doors. 
The property has a 250-vine sauvignon blanc vineyard and a greenhouse. 
SETTING: Craryville is a rural hamlet in upstate New York, between the Hudson Valley and the Berkshires. 
This house, an 1827 barn converted in 2012, is on about four acres. 
The property backs up to the Copake Lake Country Club, on the 410-acre Copake Lake, popular for fishing and boating. 
From the lake, you can see the Catskills to the west and the Berkshires to the east. 
Parks and conservation land cover much of the surrounding area. 
New York City is about 120 miles away. 
INDOORS: The structure is two stories plus a walkout lower level. 
A great room with a pitched double-height ceiling shows off the structure's original wood walls, beams and floors. 
A barn door slides open to a patio. 
Kitchen appliances are stainless steel, and the cooking area is delineated by a concrete-topped island and bar. 
Next to the great room is an additional living room. 
One of the bedrooms is on the main level, while the master suite is upstairs. 
A loft over the great room is used as a game room. 
The lower-level bedroom opens to a patio. 
The Mitchell Gold & Bob Williams furniture used throughout the house is for sale. 
SETTING: This house is in a cul-de-sac in a neighborhood called the Upper Avenues, near the northern edge of Salt Lake City. 
It has panoramic views of the Wasatch Range, downtown and the surrounding valley. 
Trails for running, hiking and mountain biking are around the corner, as is a public pool. 
The trails lead into national parkland and forest, about a mile away. 
Downtown Salt Lake City is 10 minutes away by car. 
Ski resorts, including Deer Valley, Snowbird, Alta, Solitude and Park City, are within about a half-hour's drive. 
INDOORS: The 1977 contemporary was designed by Fred Babcock, the founder of an architecture firm called Babcock Design Group. 
The house was extensively renovated in 2012. 
Nearly every room has views. 
Built on a gentle slope, the house is laid out with an entry level, a loft and a walkout lower level. 
Common areas are on the entry level. 
The floor plan is open, with pitched ceilings and picture windows throughout. 
Floors are white oak in most rooms. 
In addition to a gently tiered living and dining area with a wall of glass facing downtown, there's a den with a brick fireplace. 
Kitchen updates include granite surfaces, maple cabinets and stainless-steel appliances. 
French doors open to an ipe-wood deck with a trellis and a hot tub overlooking the city. 
The dining room also opens to a deck. 
There is a breakfast area and a walk-in pantry. 
The master suite is also on the entry level. 
Both its bedroom and bathroom open to private patios and decks. 
The master bath has a steam shower and a soaking tub. 
Like the two other bathrooms in the house, it also has a heated floor. 
The other bedroom on the entry level is being used as an office, as is the upstairs loft, which has a vaulted ceiling, skylights and panoramic views. 
Four more bedrooms are downstairs on the walkout lower level, as is a family room with an additional kitchen, installed during renovations. 
There is a three-car garage. 
Unlimited access to NYTimes.com and the NYTimes smartphone apps, as well as their international editions, plus the new NYT Now app. 
See details 
Tamika Matthews has had breast and thyroid cancer, and had genetic screening. 
She is concerned her son may be at risk. 
When a genetic counselor offered additional tests for 20 other genes linked to various cancers, Jennifer said yes. 
The more information, the better, she thought. 
The results, she said, were surreal. 
She did not have mutations in the breast cancer genes, but did have one linked to a high risk of stomach cancer. 
In people with a family history of the disease, that mutation is considered so risky that patients who are not even sick are often advised to have their stomachs removed. 
But no one knows what the finding might mean in someone like Jennifer, whose family has not had the disease. 
Such cases of frightening or confusing results are becoming more common because of a big recent change in genetic testing for cancer risk. 
Competing companies have hugely expanded the array of tests they offer, in part because new technology has made it possible to sequence many genes for the same price as one or two. 
Within the next year, at least 100,000 people in the United States are expected to undergo these tests. 
The costs, about $ 1,500 to $ 4,000, are covered by some, but not all, insurers. 
But some doctors worry that the newer tests for up to 30 genes may open a can of worms, because the ability to find mutations has outpaced the understanding of what they mean. 
In some cases, tests find cancer-associated mutations for which there are no preventive measures, and the patient is left with a bleak prognosis. 
Some genes were included because they could be tested, not necessarily because they should be, said Dr. Kenneth Offit, chief of clinical genetics at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York. 
He said that the testing companies are rushing headlong into this era, and that individuals are getting results we're not fully educated to counsel them on. 
The emergence of multigene testing was accelerated by a Supreme Court ruling last year. 
Before that, starting in the 1990s, almost all testing for hereditary breast cancer risk was done by Myriad Genetics, which had patents covering BRCA1 and BRCA2, two genes that significantly increase risk. 
But the Supreme Court invalidated key patents on the BRCA genes. 
Numerous companies like GeneDx, Ambry Genetics, Invitae and Quest Diagnostics quickly began offering BRCA tests, and many tried to get a jump on Myriad by offering multigene panels, rather than just BRCA testing. 
To keep pace, Myriad introduced its own test of 25 genes linked to various types of cancer, for about the same $ 4,000 price as the BRCA-only test. 
The company expects to do 100,000 of the new tests in the next year or so. 
It has been doing 250,000 BRCA tests per year, but says it plans to stop offering BRCA-only risk tests by next summer, in favor of the panel. 
Some people who have multiplex tests, like Jennifer, are worried about one disease but get blindsided by results pointing to another. 
Dr. Offit said he had seen two other patients with the same test results as Jennifer in the past few months. 
In many other cases, a mutation is found but there is little or no data on whether it raises the risk of getting cancer. 
In some versions of the new multigene tests, more than 30 percent of patients will be told they have such mutations, which are called variants of unknown significance. 
Patients are not getting closure, Dr. Offit said. 
They're walking out not knowing what to make of it. 
Dr. Susan Domchek, an expert on breast cancer mutations at the University of Pennsylvania, said: With panels, only about 10 percent of the time do we find a clear mutation in anything, and even when we do we're not exactly sure how we should change management. 
But sometimes we do. 
We need to report back only what is devastating and clearly devastating, she said. 
Patients and their physicians need to have information that they can act on and they can act on with clarity. 
A recent study in the journal Cancer showed the pros and cons of multigene testing. 
It used Myriad's 25-gene test to examine nearly 1,800 people who were referred for BRCA testing because they had breast cancer. 
As expected, about 9.3 percent had BRCA mutations. 
Another 3.9 percent had a mutation in a different gene related to breast or ovarian cancer, and 0.3 percent had a mutation in a gene linked to other cancers. 
Some of the non-BRCA findings were serious, and warranted advising patients to consider preventive surgery, the researchers said. 
There was a considerable downside: Variants of unknown significance were identified in more than 41 percent of the patients. 
Some patients had more than one. 
Almost all were in genes that, unlike BRCA1 and BRCA2, had not been studied extensively. 
Doctors have no advice for such patients, except to wait until more is known. 
Experts say that over time, as more people are tested, more is learned about mutations, and the rate of uninterpretable variants should decline. 
When Myriad began BRCA testing, its rate of unknown variants was 40 percent. 
Now it is 2 percent. 
Various efforts are underway to interpret mutations and compile them in publicly available databases ; one of the latest is an online registry to which patients can upload their own data. 
Eventually, they will be able to see how many other people have the same mutation, and how many get cancer. 
Called Prompt, for Prospective Registry of Multiplex Testing, it was created by Memorial Sloan Kettering, the University of Pennsylvania, the Mayo Clinic and the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute. 
Several genetic testing companies are also helping to promote it. 
Jennifer said she was eager to join, mainly to make sure her mutation was better understood, in case her two young children have it. 
She lives in New York, and asked that her last name be withheld to protect her family's privacy. 
In the meantime, no one is suggesting that she have her stomach removed. 
But she has been advised to have an endoscopy -- a procedure in which a camera-tipped tube is passed into the stomach to examine it -- twice a year, probably for the rest of her life. 
Her mutation may also be linked to breast cancer, so she will be consulting specialists about screening. 
Tamika Matthews, 40, from the Bronx, has had breast and thyroid cancer, and has had both breasts removed. 
Her genetic tests found no BRCA mutations, but did detect variants of unknown significance in four genes that may be linked to cancers, including those of the colon and breast. 
She had no family history of breast cancer, but her grandmother and two great-aunts had colon cancer. 
When they called me in and gave me the results, I wanted to say, ` Please, I don't want to know everything. 
I changed my mind,' Ms. Matthews said. 
But it's better to be informed. 
It's so up in the air, she said. 
But I'm glad somebody's working on it, at least. 
Even though he may not get breast cancer, he may have daughters, Ms. Matthews said. 
I don't want them to go through what I went through. 
Mutations were identified in 16 genes, most frequently in BRCA1, BRCA2, CHEK2, ATM, and PALB2. 
Among the participants in cohort 1, 9.3% carried a BRCA1/2 mutation, 3.9% carried a mutation in another breast/ovarian cancer susceptibility gene, and 0.3% carried an incidental mutation in another cancer susceptibility gene unrelated to breast or ovarian cancer. 
In cohort 2, the frequency of mutations in breast/ovarian associated genes other than BRCA1/2 was 2.9%, and an additional 0.8% had an incidental mutation. 
In cohort 1, Lynch syndrome‐related mutations were identified in 7 individuals. 
In contrast to BRCA1/2 mutations, neither age at breast cancer diagnosis nor family history of ovarian or young breast cancer predicted for other mutations. 
The frequency of mutations in genes other than BRCA1/2 was lower in Ashkenazi Jews compared with non‐Ashkenazi individuals P = .026. 
As of a little after 1 p.m., Citizens shares were trading at $ 22.72 each, valuing the company at $ 13.6 billion. 
Even at that level, however, the bank's stock has not yet reached the low end of its initial forecasted price range of $ 23 to $ 25 a share. 
But the rise in the stock price still indicates interest in what is the second-biggest initial public offering in the United States so far this year, after only the enormous market debut of the Alibaba Group. 
A person briefed on the matter said previously that the order book for the offering was oversubscribed at the I.P.O. price of $ 21.50. 
The offering tested the appetite of investors for yet another midsize lender in a year that has brought many to seek public listings. 
The stock sale by Citizens was bigger than those of General Electric's former consumer finance arm, now known as Synchrony Financial ; Ally Financial, the former lending arm of General Motors ; and Santander's American auto loan arm. 
Initial offerings of banks and lenders have performed somewhat poorly this year, with the stocks of both Ally and Santander Consumer down since their market debuts. 
Shares in Synchrony remain above their I.P.O. price. 
Driving Citizens' stock sale in large part was a move by the bank's majority owner, the Royal Bank of Scotland, which received a government bailout during the financial crisis. 
The lifeline, worth more than 45 billion pounds, or $ 74 billion, left British taxpayers owning a roughly 80 percent stake in the bank. 
The sale of Citizens is an integral part of the R.B.S. capital plan, Ross McEwan, the British lender's chief executive, said in a statement. 
This I.P.O. represents a key step on the path to full divestment. 
Selling Citizens will significantly improve our capital position and help us to create a strong and secure bank that can continue to fully support the needs of its customers. 
The Wall Street Journal, which first reported the S.E.C. investigation, says that regulators are looking at whether the E.T.F. bought certain bonds at a discount but then used higher valuations in a way that gave investors misleading information about the performance of the fund.
The Journal also reports that the inquiry has been going on for months and that Mr. Gross has been interviewed by investigators.
A spokesman for Pimco confirmed the investigation, saying in an emailed statement on Wednesday morning: Pimco has been cooperating with the S.E.C. in this nonpublic matter, and we take our regulatory obligations and responsibilities to our clients very seriously.
We believe our pricing procedures are entirely appropriate and in keeping with industry best practices.
Pimco's flagship fund, the Total Return Fund, is the world's biggest bond fund with more than $ 221 billion in assets under management as of the end of August.
But poor returns have led many investors to head for the exits.
Over the last 16 months, investors have redeemed about $ 68.8 billion, according to Morningstar.
The exchange-traded fund, intended to be a cheaper and easier to trade version of the giant bond fund, started in 2012.
At the time, Mr. Gross told Bloomberg News: Small investors don't always have access to active management with a higher yield and a higher total return.
We are hoping ` mom and pop' can do a little bit better than the bond market at a time of historically low yields.
An E.T.F. is essentially a mutual fund that trades on a exchange like a stock.
An an actively traded E.T.F. like the Pimco portfolio is one where managers pick the bonds to buy and sell for the portfolio.
By contrast, many E.T.F.'s are passive portfolios that merely track the performance of an index and do not involve a manager's involvement in selecting securities.
Since its debut, the E.T.F. has generally outperformed the Total Return Fund, also managed by Mr. Gross.
This year, the Pimco E.T.F. has returned 5.46 percent compared with a 4.31 percent return for the Total Return Fund, according to Morningstar.
The Barclays Capital U.S. Aggregate Bond Index, the main benchmark, has returned 4.81 percent.
Todd Rosenbluth, director of E.T.F. and mutual fund research at Standard & Poor's Capital IQ, said that most people believed the mismatch between the performance of the exchange-traded fund and the Total Return Bond Fund could be attributed to the fact that the E.T.F. does not use derivatives.
The Total Return Fund has long used derivatives to buy bonds in part because it needs to make such large purchases because of its mammoth size.
They are buying in such smaller scale for the E.T.F. so they are trying to get pricing of odd lot bonds and the pricing of odd lot bonds can sometimes not be as straightforward, he said.
It's a much smaller product, and it is harder to get good pricing on smaller lots.
Pimco -- the Pacific Investment Management Company -- is owned by Allianz of Germany, Europe's largest insurance company.
Allianz has been kept regularly informed by Pimco about the S.E.C. investigation, a spokeswoman for Allianz in Munich said on Wednesday.
Commentators piled on, some calling hedge funds a doomed asset class helmed by greedy billionaires who overcharge for a too-complex asset.
One columnist argued that the industry's best period is likely behind it.
Another said the most surprising thing about the maneuver was that it took so long.
Of course the people who operate hedge funds are greedy.
Harvard M.B.A.s don't go into hedge funds to save the world.
Still, the decision by Calpers, the California Public Employees' Retirement System, became a Rorschach test for people to convey their own personal views of hedge funds.
The nuances of that statement have been lost.
For hedge fund detractors, the decision by Calpers is a Waterloo and it is only a matter of time before other pension funds and investors join the retreat.
Let's start with the issue of complexity.
Hedge funds can indeed be opaque, but some are not that complicated at all.
A simple long-short fund -- or a fund that will bet on whether the market goes up or down -- may invest in a small number of stocks.
Other hedge funds, to be sure, employ complex trading strategies relying on arcane derivatives and computer programming.
Yet are these any harder to monitor than private equity funds -- investments that Calpers will retain?
Additionally, the California pension fund had two advisers to help with its hedge fund investing: the Pacific Alternative Asset Management Company, or Paamco, and UBS.
It seems hard to believe that these experts could not help Calpers navigate the hedge funds' complexity.
This leaves the fee problem that Mr. Eliopoulos referred to when he stated that the asset class was expensive.
In the fiscal year that ended in June, Calpers paid $ 135 million in fees for hedge fund investments that earned 7.1 percent.
Private equity firms typically charge the same amount as hedge funds: a 2 percent administrative fee and 20 percent of the profits, though as is the case with hedge funds, a big institutional investor like Calpers almost certainly gets a discount.
And the pension fund remains fully committed to investing in private equity, with 15 percent of its capital dedicated to the sector, or a total of $ 31.6 billion invested as of June.
Indeed, the pension fund has increased its allocation for private equity in recent years.
In other words, high fees do not seem to deter Calpers when the profits are there.
Neither complexity nor fees appear to explain the exit.
Instead, what does appear to be the reason is simply the one that Calpers gave -- the asset class just isn't working for the pension fund because of the strategy it has taken.
Hedge funds have always underperformed at Calpers.
The pension giant earned only an average 4.8 percent annually in the last 10 years from hedge fund investments.
This return is a full 2 percent below the target return that it had set for the asset class.
The poor performance appears to be motivating Calpers to exit hedge funds.
Only 1.5 percent of its assets were dedicated to investment in hedge funds.
One big reason for investment in hedge funds is to hedge returns.
Hedge funds are intended to perform better when stock markets go down.
But given the relatively small amount invested, Calpers was in hedge funds for the wrong reasons.
The returns were not there.
And unless the pension fund scaled up its investment by tens of billions of dollars, the hedging aspect of hedge funds could not work.
Not only that, Calpers's hedge fund strategy itself was lacking.
The pension fund diversified its hedge fund strategies into a variety of classes: long-short, multistrategy, event-driven, international and funds of funds, among others.
With more than 40 different hedge funds, Calpers had trouble picking a winner and had too little money in too many types of funds and strategies.
The pension fund also concentrated in investing in relatively unknown hedge funds, avoiding the megafunds that have earned outsize returns each year, such as Appaloosa or Bridgewater.
In contrast, the Texas teachers' pension fund has actually bought a stake in Bridgewater itself.
Calpers made an entirely rational decision to exit.
The fees would have been wholly justified if the returns were there.
But they were not.
Don't feel sorry for hedge funds.
First off, pension funds and other investors that can search for better yields and get the better hedge funds will stay in the business, including not only Texas' teachers fund but also Massachusetts's pension fund, which has about 9 percent of its assets in hedge funds.
Second, hedge funds are a victim of market volatility, or the lack thereof.
When markets eventually become more volatile, hedge funds will be back.
The move by Calpers is also a result of its unwillingness to ride the hedge fund craze toward activist investing.
The pension fund, in any case, gets the benefit of that activism in its stock portfolio.
Many contend that if a financial institution needs to borrow some money on a short-term basis from the government, but the institution is otherwise solvent, that lending is not a bailout.
But is that right?
Stephen J. Lubben explores the issue in the In Debt column.
Read more ...
During marathons, women pace themselves more evenly than male competitors do, according to a study of thousands of racers that provides unexpected insights into how both genders might improve their race times by noting how the other one runs.
Read more ...
Eating fish is associated with an increase in brain volume, but it is apparently not because of its omega-3 content, a new study of older adults has found.
Read more ...
This application is an extension of Gothamist and its network of cities.
Easily check the latest goings on at any city in the istaverse with this application.
Simply choose your default city and the latest news will be pulled.
Setting will be remembered on startup, and will work offline for subway reading!
Gothamist LLC owns and operates the most popular network of city blogs on the Internet today.
Founded in 2003 and led by our NYC flagship site Gothamist, each city covers local news, events, food, and entertainment for an avid audience of young urbanites.
NOTE: This application was designed to be a lightweight way to access all out cities.
Dedicated fully featured apps for each city are forthcoming.
Please email us at tech at gothamist.com - otherwise we wont be able to solve any issues you are experiencing.
It's unfair to leave negative reviews without attempting to help us improve the product.
This has been tested on iPhone > = 4, and iPad > = 2 with iOS6 and iOS7 and has revealed no issues under these two platforms.
Gothamist appreciates feedback from readers, advertisers, and the press.
Please direct your question to the appropriate person using the menu below.
Note: Please don't send printed materials to us -- we don't check our paper-mail all that often, so it's not a good way to tell us about things.
We also don't like to waste paper!
We never review unsolicited CDs or books that get mailed to us -- they go straight into the garbage at the Post Office.
If you want us to post about something, send us an email, and use an electronic attachment.
That goes for music send a link to an MP3, movies send an MPEG, art shows, restaurants, and just about everything else send PDFs.
Yesterday, the MTA presented its 2015-2019 Capital Program, a proposal PDF that, as the agency puts it, details its plan to ensure safe and reliable service for a growing region by investing in the subway, bus, commuter railroad, bridge and tunnel network.
And half of it is for the subways.
The total Capital Program is $ 32 billion, and the MTA outlined how it would spend $ 15.5 billion on its lines and stations over the five years, noting, This Program will continue the revitalization of our subway system by purchasing 940 subway cars, modernizing 11 signal interlockings, replacing more than 80 miles of track, and many other critical investments.
New cars will improve customer communication with electronic strip maps, automated announcements, and two-way customer intercoms.
Station repairs will improve customer comfort and safety throughout the system, while new elevators make 13 more stations fully accessible under the Americans with Disabilities Act.
Signal improvements -- including Communications-Based Train Control -- will boost capacity and reliability.
In other words, the MTA is working on it!
As you can see, this doesn't even include the Second Avenue Subway -- another $ 1.535 billion is needed to complete that.
Here's a fun fact from the MTA to generate enough public support for that expenditure: NYC Transit's Lexington Avenue subway is the only north-south route serving the East Side.
Carrying more passengers than any other subway line in the United States, the Lex alone carries 1.3 million riders each weekday, which is greater than the ridership of the entire transit systems in San Francisco, Chicago, and Boston combined.
The entire plan is being presented to the MTA's board.
Crain's reports, The approved plan will be submitted to Gov. Andrew Cuomo and the state Legislature by Oct. 1.
Funding for roughly half the plan has not been identified.
This week's weather forecast needs a radical mid-week adjustment.
On Monday it seemed like the high pressure system covering the eastern half of the country would shunt a coastal storm out to sea, limiting the storm's impact on New York.
That dance is no longer on the schedule.
Instead the high is further east and weaker than expected and that should result in an unpleasantly windy and rainy Thursday.
Before the storm hits we should have an increasingly cloudy afternoon and a high in the lower 70s, which is just about normal for this time of year.
Rain is expected to begin after midnight as the low gradually moves up the coast.
There is no getting around it, Thursday looks to be a rainy, windy mess.
Easterly winds at 15-20 mph and 1-3 inches of rain are expected before this storm passes out of the region.
The heaviest rain is expected before noon, so there's a chance that Derek Jeter's final home game will take place as scheduled.
Tomorrow's high will stay in the 60s.
Fear not, rain-o-phobes, absolutely gorgeous weather is in store for the weekend.
Another high pressure system arrives on the heels of the storm means Friday will warm to the upper 70s under mostly sunny skies.
Clear skies are expected to continue through the weekend with highs on Saturday and Sunday reaching the upper 70s or lower 80s.
When her two children go to bed, Christina Gilchrist watches them via a baby video monitor.
However, her kids aren't babies anymore: Her daughter is 3 years old, and her son is approaching 2.
It's super cute to watch them and how they interact without us there, said Ms. Gilchrist, who lives in San Francisco and has witnessed sweet nighttime moments like her daughter reading a book to herself or singing to her brother.
I would never know she did that if it wasn't for the video monitor.
Ms. Gilchrist isn't the only parent watching her kids in bed remotely long past the baby stage.
As video monitors have become cheaper, smaller and more secure over the last decade, they 've also become increasingly ubiquitous, surpassing audio monitors in sales, and changing parental monitoring behaviors in the process.
Parents are using video monitors for a longer period of time, said Julie Dodge, product manager for Summer Infant's monitor line.
According to Ms. Dodge, parents tend to stop video monitoring in a bedroom when their child is on average about 3 or 4, up from about 12 months old for audio monitoring.
Why?
Beyond the peace of mind and potential safety benefits that come from extended use of video monitors, many moms and dads would agree that it's more fascinating to watch your child via a video monitor than to listen to him or her via audio, said Alan Fields, co-author of the baby gear review book Baby Bargains and the Best Baby Monitors online guide.
The early audio monitor was a way for parents to hear remotely when their baby woke up, but video monitors let parents see what their baby is doing when they're not there.
Ms. Gilchrist's 3-year-old daughter, Abby, is among them.
On a recent Saturday morning, Abby pointed out the camera in her room.
It's used for Mommy and Daddy, so if I bang, they are going to talk through the camera, she said.
Ms. Gilchrist tells her two little ones to be quiet via the monitor's talk feature when they start their nightly chatting, screaming and banging on the walls.
Video monitors may also make future generations more accepting of being watched by police and security cameras.
You get used to something growing up and you just accept it as the way the world works, said Dr. Twenge, a professor of psychology at San Diego State University.
In the nearer term, extended monitoring can have another unintended consequence: sleep deprivation.
My husband wakes up a number of times each night to check the video monitor and make sure our 2-year-old daughter is still sleeping -- she generally is -- and he's not alone.
Some parents become a little compulsive about the video monitor, said Nicole Johnson, a sleep coach and founder of The Baby Sleep Site.
They feel like they need to keep checking to make sure baby is okay.
I once worked with a family whose child was sleeping great, but mom would wake up and check the monitor virtually all night.
I tell parents that if the monitor is doing more harm than good in their home, it's best to get rid of it.
So, when should parents stop using video monitors?
The answers vary, but Judith Owens, director of sleep medicine at Children's National Medical Center in Washington and a consultant with the American Academy of Pediatrics, said she doesn't see any utility in using the monitors once healthy children are ambulatory, though those with certain sleep problems or illnesses may need longer or interim monitoring.
The Motherlode blog has a new look and a new virtual home at The Times.
Our goal: to cover the ways our families affect us, and the ways the news affects our families.
Find out more
We're all living the family dynamic, as parents, as children, as siblings, uncles and aunts.
At Motherlode, lead writer and editor KJ Dell' Antonia invites contributors and commenters to explore how our families affect our lives, and how the news affects our families -- and all families.
Join us to talk about education, child care, mealtime, sports, technology, the work-family balance and much more
Parents who start using video baby monitors to observe infant sleep often continue using them long past a child's babyhood, and children are sometimes aware that they're being watched.
Read more ...
Denver students protesting a proposed anti-protest curriculum-review committee appear to have learned lessons about the value of questioning authority, and irony.
Read more ...
How to See More of Your Best Friends?
Move Away
When the demands of parenthood, career, and general midlife busy-ness made it tough to see friends as much as we wanted to, we moved away, and saw them more.
Read more ...
On Sept. 12th, Jennifer Whalen, a 39-year-old mother of three, went to jail to begin serving a 9-to-18-month sentence.
Whalen's crime was, in effect, ordering pills online that her older daughter took in the first several weeks of an unplanned pregnancy, when she was 16, to induce a miscarriage.
The drugs have been available from a doctor with a prescription in the United States since 2000 and are used around the world to induce miscarriage.
Read more.
Read more ...
Tennessee law forbids combining a mother and father's surnames into a single name for baby -- or giving an infant a mother's last name without both parents' mutual assent.
Read more ...
When I was a child in the 1970s, my siblings and I were raised largely by my grandmother, after my father died and my mother had to find work.
My grandmother was an Italian immigrant, and her approach to disciplining children was thoroughly of the old school.
When one of us was misbehaving, she would grab whatever was handy -- a wooden spoon, her cane, or most memorably, the hard plastic track from a Hot Wheels race car set -- and smack us with it, hard enough to leave welts.
I was reminded of this as I began following the Peterson case.
Just as Peterson surely loves his children, my grandmother loved us, and was doing her best to teach us right from wrong.
She and everyone she knew had been disciplined that way as children.
As far as she knew, that was how children learned.
That was her culture.
What we know now is that violence is the worst way to teach your children how to behave.
Violence is just an outlet for anger.
When used on children, it does great harm.
Research has found that physical punishment is linked to aggression, hyperactivity and emotional problems.
Worse, it teaches children that violence is O.K..
When children who were raised that way like my grandmother and Peterson grow up, they often use violence themselves in the way that they have learned.
That isn't culture.
It's a cycle of abuse.
As a society, we still look the other way.
We're comfortable intervening when we see a woman being struck in public by her husband, but not when a child is struck by a parent.
But it is critical that we speak for these children, because they can't speak for themselves.
We have a huge body of research on parenting available to us today, with a wealth of proven techniques and approaches.
We know the best ways to teach children self-reliance, self-control and good decision-making, skills that will serve them well their whole life.
And yet child-raising today is still considered a private issue, no one's business but your own.
As parents, instead of treating parenting as a skill to be learned like any other and talking openly about it, we copy the patterns we learned growing up, and keep problems to ourselves.
The right and wrong ways to discipline our children should be just as widely understood as any other part of parenting, such as immunizations, or breast-feeding, or nutrition information.
We need to make positive parenting techniques and education about child development a standard part of the ways we help new parents.
And we need to make violent discipline unacceptable.
Just as we want our children to get the best education, we want them to grow up undamaged and confident.
We want to teach them to behave, to be good people and to have the self-discipline to go after their dreams.
We can start by separating our cultural values from our shameful habits and call violent discipline what it is: abuse.
Peterson says the childhood whippings and public humiliation he received from his father made him who he is today.
In truth, what he learned from his father threatens to derail his entire career, his reputation and his relationship with his children.
Peterson shouldn't sell himself short.
He is where he is today in spite of his father, not because of him.
You don't get to the National Football League without some extraordinary personal gifts, incredible determination and drive.
But he is still a part of a violent cycle.
Every day in our work, we see parents who were abused as children.
They come from dozens of cultural backgrounds, but they all want the same thing: They want better for their children than they had growing up.
They want to learn the skills they need to raise their children with clear expectations and good communication, not intimidation and brute force.
They want to break the cycle.
They're learning what Peterson needs to learn now -- that the best thing he can do, to use the old expression, is to get above his raising.
To be, instead, an individual.
Someone who can leave his past behind and stop the cycle.
The Motherlode blog has a new look and a new virtual home at The Times.
Our goal: to cover the ways our families affect us, and the ways the news affects our families.
Find out more
We're all living the family dynamic, as parents, as children, as siblings, uncles and aunts.
At Motherlode, lead writer and editor KJ Dell' Antonia invites contributors and commenters to explore how our families affect our lives, and how the news affects our families -- and all families.
Join us to talk about education, child care, mealtime, sports, technology, the work-family balance and much more
Parents who start using video baby monitors to observe infant sleep often continue using them long past a child's babyhood, and children are sometimes aware that they're being watched.
Read more ...
Denver students protesting a proposed anti-protest curriculum-review committee appear to have learned lessons about the value of questioning authority, and irony.
Read more ...
How to See More of Your Best Friends?
Move Away
When the demands of parenthood, career, and general midlife busy-ness made it tough to see friends as much as we wanted to, we moved away, and saw them more.
Read more ...
On Sept. 12th, Jennifer Whalen, a 39-year-old mother of three, went to jail to begin serving a 9-to-18-month sentence.
Whalen's crime was, in effect, ordering pills online that her older daughter took in the first several weeks of an unplanned pregnancy, when she was 16, to induce a miscarriage.
The drugs have been available from a doctor with a prescription in the United States since 2000 and are used around the world to induce miscarriage.
Read more.
Read more ...
Tennessee law forbids combining a mother and father's surnames into a single name for baby -- or giving an infant a mother's last name without both parents' mutual assent.
Read more ...
I don't think this comes as news to anyone here, but it can be a real challenge to parent and to educate adolescents.
My own specimens boys, 11 and 15 spend their days vacillating between energetic and catatonic, optimistic and morose, ebullient and apathetic.
Some days, I doubt that they will be able to forge a safe and successful path into adulthood without my constant help and intervention.
Fortunately, Dr. Laurence Steinberg says this is not the case.
In his new book, Age of Opportunity: Lesson From the New Science of Adolescence Dr. Steinberg explains that sure, adolescence is challenging, but it is also a time of great opportunity.
I loved the book, so I reached out to him and asked for advice on how to best parent and to teach adolescents.
His take?
Given some information about how the adolescent brain is wired, and a few tips on how to parent children who can have trouble accessing their reserves of self-control and motivation, the children will be all right.
First, a primer on the adolescent brain.
While human brains reach their full size by age 10, that brain is far from fully cooked, neurologically speaking.
Adolescence is a time of an extraordinary reorganization of resources in the brain, particularly with respect to the prefrontal cortex, the center of self-regulation, and the limbic system, the seat of emotion.
Dr. Steinberg suggests that we view adolescent brain development in three overlapping stages:
1.
Starting the engines: When puberty first hits, the limbic system becomes more easily aroused, and young teenagers can shift between extreme, euphoric highs and unpredictable, precipitous lows.
2. Developing a better braking system: During middle adolescence, the prefrontal cortex slowly inches toward maturity, which will eventually allow teenagers to master self-control, and yes, they will return to a more reasonable and mature cognitive and emotional state.
3.
Putting a skilled driver behind the wheel: Once the brakes of self-control are functional, it's a matter of fine-tuning, of practicing until those brakes work every time, in all conditions.
There is not much we can do to rush this process of neurological maturation along, but what parents and teachers can do is to help children practice their burgeoning skills of self-control as they emerge.
The children who are most likely to emerge from adolescence with a strong sense of self-control, motivation and competence, Dr. Steinberg writes, are those who have been parented according to three goals: warmth, firmness and support.
Children raised by warm, firm and supportive parents -- what Dr. Steinberg refers to as authoritative parenting -- emerge from adolescence with more well-honed skills of self-regulation, and are much less likely to fall victim to delinquency, addiction, obesity and premarital pregnancy.
Be Warm.
Warm parents react to children's emotional needs so they can muster the bravery required to function away from parents, under their own initiative.
Warm parents are affectionate.
They show their children that they not only understand their emotional needs, but also will respond to them.
They provide a safe haven and are involved in their child's life.
Be Firm.
Firm parents establish clear rules, even clearer expectations, and predictable consequences.
Most importantly, they follow through with those consequences when expectations are not met.
Children acquire self-control by taking the rules that their parents have imposed on them and imposing them on themselves, Dr. Steinberg writes.
Firm parents are consistent and fair, explain their rules and decisions, and avoid harsh punishment that is out of scale with the wrongs committed.
Be Supportive.
The best way to support children is by scaffolding, Dr. Steinberg writes.
Scaffolding is just what it sounds like ; the supports parents erect around our children should support them only as much as they require, and as they become better at managing themselves, those external controls should come down.
I don't think adolescence will ever be easy, either for my boys or for me, but I am trying to keep up my end of the deal by removing one piece of their scaffolding, every day.
Because that, I can do.
Pimco Total Return, run by Bill Gross, has been the largest bond mutual fund for 17 years.
But his reign as the king of bonds has been under siege of late.
FREETOWN, Sierra Leone -- The gravedigger hacked at the cemetery's dense undergrowth, clearing space for the day's Ebola victims.
A burial team, in protective suits torn with gaping holes, arrived with fresh bodies.
The backs of the battered secondhand vans carrying the dead were closed with twisted, rusting wire.
Bodies were dumped in new graves, and a worker in a short-sleeve shirt carried away the stretcher, wearing only plastic bags over his hands as protection.
The outlook for the day at King Tom Cemetery was busy.
But the bodies pouring in to the graveyard tell a different story.
In the last eight days alone, 110 Ebola victims have been buried at King Tom Cemetery, according to the supervisor, Abdul Rahman Parker, suggesting an outbreak that is much more deadly than either the government or international health officials have announced.
I'm working with the burial team, and the first question I ask them is, ` Are they Ebola-positive?'
said Mr. Parker, adding that the figures were based on medical certificates that he had seen himself.
The deaths are carefully recorded by name and date in a notebook headed Ebola Burials.
A burial team supervisor who drove up with fresh bodies echoed Mr. Parker's assertion.
Any body we collect is a positive case, said Sorie Kessebeh.
All the bodies that we are bringing in are positive.
The majority of the recent deaths recorded at the cemetery were young people -- young adults, people in early middle age, or children -- with very few elderly people on the list.
Several of the deaths also occurred in a concentrated area, sometimes in the same house, suggesting that a virulent infection had struck.
At the house of Marion Seisay -- the third name on the list -- her son acknowledged she was a secretary at Wilberforce Hospital, had died of Ebola and was buried on Sept. 14.
The house was now under quarantine, with some of its eight residents lingering on the cinder-block porch.
The way my Mummy died was pathetic, said the son, Michael Foday, clearly frustrated by the quarantine.
How do you expect us to get food?
In one of them, the house of Momoh Lomeh, the residents said that a total of five people who lived there had died of Ebola -- yet four of them did not even appear on the cemetery list.
At another, the house of Andrew Mansoray, a family member said that the disease had been ruthless and unrelenting.
It wouldn't stop, Abdul R. Kallon said of the diarrhea that Mr. Mansoray, his brother-in-law, had endured before dying.
They took him to the hospital, and they wouldn't let him out.
At another six households on the cemetery supervisor's list of the dead, residents gave similar accounts.
One family said the victim had definitely died of Ebola, while five others described Ebola-like symptoms -- vomiting, diarrhea, fever -- though none had been given an official cause of death.
International health experts here had no explanation for the striking discrepancy between the government's tally of the dead in the capital and the cemetery crew's statistics.
Several of them noted the general confusion surrounding official statistics here from the beginning, with one leading international health official saying: We don't know exactly what is going on.
But nobody disputed that things appear to be getting worse.
The W.H.O. has shown a sharp increase in new cases in Freetown in recent weeks, rising from almost none early in the summer to more than 50 during the week of Sept. 14.
Various models of the growth of the epidemic here all show an exponential increase, said Peter H. Kilmarx, the head of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention team in Sierra Leone.
The conditions are amenable to Ebola spread.
It's a herculean task, said Mr. Hamilton, the chief gravedigger.
It's only out of patriotism that we are doing it.
The Ebola victims were buried in an expanding stretch of fresh muddy graves under a giant cotton tree, and the makeshift arrangements are seen as a looming threat by the residents of the slum next to it.
No barrier stops the pigs rooting in the adjoining trash field from digging in the fresh Ebola graves, which residents say they often do.
We have creatures in the community, and they dig in the graves, said Henry S. Momoh, who lives in the adjoining slum, which residents call Kolleh Town.
They are burying the Ebola patients in there, but not in the proper manner.
Five yards from where the new graves begin, a well-used path connects the slum to the main road.
Residents all use it, passing close to the freshly dug graves, and are frightened by the intensifying activity in the cemetery.
We are at risk, big risk, said Ousman Kamara, a resident.
We have made many complaints.
Even at night, he said.
You stand here, and you see them coming.
Subscribe to an RSS feed on this topic.
What is RSS?
Subscribe to an RSS feed on this topic.
What is RSS?
The Williams Companies said today that it would sell most of the assets of the Transco Coal Company to the James River Coal Company of Richmond for $ 88 million in cash and preferred stock.
A breakdown of the purchase price was not immediately ...
Subscribe to an RSS feed on this topic.
What is RSS?
Myriad Pharmaceuticals agreed to buy Javelin Pharmaceuticals in an all-stock deal worth about $ 96 million to acquire a postoperative pain drug, Dyloject.
Javelin stockholders will receive 0.282 Myriad shares for each share held, translating to $ 1.50 ...
All his adult life, Paul Ward heard his parents say they wanted their bodies given to a medical school after their deaths.
They felt that training a new doctor would be a gift to society, he said.
In 2011, his 93-year-old father, Ralph, suddenly took ill and entered hospice care.
So Mr. Ward's wife, Maureen Arrigo, undertook to arrange a donation.
Giving a body to science proved more difficult than expected, however.
Ms. Arrigo first called the University of Southern California.
No go.
You had to be within either an hour's drive or a certain number of miles, she recalled.
The nursing home where Ralph Ward was dying was too far away.
Next, Ms. Arrigo tried nearby Loma Linda University School of Medicine.
It required a form signed by the donor himself, not a family member, even one with power of attorney.
Her father-in-law, by that point, was well beyond being able to sign anything, she said.
It would make my mother-in-law very sad not to be able to do this last thing for him, Ms. Arrigo said.
I was frantic to make it happen.
The university emailed a simple document, collected Ralph Ward's body after he died and asked whether his widow wanted the cremains returned to her or scattered at sea.
She chose the latter option.
I'm not comfortable writing a prescription for these medications, said Dr. Cara Tannenbaum, the geriatrician at the University of Montreal who led the weaning study.
I haven't prescribed a sedative-hypnotic in 15 years.
Now the C.D.C. has reported that a high number of emergency room visits are associated with psychiatric medications in general, and zolpidem -- Ambien -- in particular.
They're implicated in 90,000 adult E.R. visits annually because of adverse reactions, the study found ; more than 19 percent of those visits result in hospital admissions.
The data also answer questions readers here raised about whether older adults were being singled out.
Did doctors or did I consider them unable to make rational drug decisions?
Is it that older people are less important, full stop?
reader L. from New York City demanded.
The C.D.C. looked at visits by drug and by age.
Older patients, it turns out, did not show up more often in emergency rooms because of adverse reactions to sedatives and antianxiety drugs.
People ages 19 to 44 have the highest number of visits in proportion to prescriptions for those medicines.
But the consequences were worse for older people.
About a third of those older than 65 32 percent who went to E.R.s with adverse responses to sedatives were hospitalized, compared with about 13 percent of those 19 to 44 and 27.2 percent of those 45 to 64.
I didn't expect a single drug to stand out that much, Dr. Hampton said.
That may be because Medicare didn't cover benzodiazepines but did cover zolpidem from the inception of Part D in 2003 until last year, when the policy changed.
The other particular concern for older people is falls, a leading cause of death and disability.
A 2010 analysis of falls says 22 percent of community dwelling Medicare beneficiaries older than 65 excluding nursing home residents fell in a year.
The C.D.C. estimates that a third of older adults fall annually.
Twenty to 30 percent of those falls result in injuries that require medical attention.
There's a constellation of risks that contribute to falls, and medications are clearly part of it, said Dr. Jerry H. Gurwitz, a geriatrician at the University of Massachusetts Medical School who has studied drug safety in older people.
And high on the list of those medications related to falls and fall-related injuries are sedative-hypnotics.
The Z-drugs are approved only as sleep aids.
Benzodiazepines have other uses, like treating panic disorders or seizures ; some people may be taking them throughout the day, not only at bedtime.
But as sleeping pills, I wouldn't consider them distinct at all, Dr. Gurwitz said of the benzos and Z-drugs.
When you're talking about falls and fractures, it's the same effect ....
The risks are the same.
Dr. Tannenbaum concurred.
Can patients gradually wean themselves from sedatives, using a chart like the one in the brochure Dr. Tannenbaum and colleagues sent patients?
In their study, which looked only at benzodiazepine use, the brochure urged recipients to consult health care professionals before embarking on detoxification.
Of the group that attempted to gradually stop the drug, more than half succeeded, and another 22 percent reduced their dosage.
Among those who didn't make the attempt, the greatest reason -- get this -- was discouragement from their physicians or pharmacists.
Often in medicine, the quickest and easiest thing doctors can do is write a prescription, Dr. Hampton said.
Things that take longer and require more conversation are used less.
Yet those remedies -- changing sleep habits, seeking cognitive behavioral therapy -- have been found to be effective against insomnia.
The physicians I consulted urged patients to seek a comprehensive evaluation, possibly including sleep studies, and then try nonpharmacological remedies first, turning to sleeping pills only after exhausting the alternatives.
JAMA published a patient guide to treating insomnia last year.
A final caveat: Yes, older people are different.
A 65-year-old speedwalker has a different risk profile from an 85-year-old with poor vision or osteoporosis.
The conversation took place two years ago, but Dr. Daniel Matlock still recalls it quite vividly.
You tend to remember when a physician colleague essentially brands you a Nazi.
She'd done what we're forever chiding people for not doing: She'd drafted a very specific advance directive and had even taken the trouble to have it notarized.
It unambiguously said: no life support, no artificial nutrition or hydration, no nursing home.
The ambulance crew had put her on a ventilator -- standard procedure.
After the palliative team removed it, she was able to breathe on her own, which isn't uncommon.
She even opened her eyes, though she couldn't track or follow objects and remained unresponsive.
That's when the prominent surgeon directing her care ordered intravenous fluids.
Dr. Matlock, alarmed at this direct contradiction of her preferences, tells the rest of the story in a post on the GeriPal blog, published by geriatricians and palliative care docs at the University of California, San Francisco.
After talking with the patient's sister, who held her medical power of attorney, he called the surgeon to suggest stopping the IV.
Within a few days, the woman was transferred to a hospice unit, where the IV was removed and she was permitted to die.
But Dr. Matlock's anger at his colleague and his sorrow at the woman's treatment, or mistreatment, have persisted.
You work so hard to do what's right for the patient, he told me.
And he was sure he was right.
Administering fluids to a dying patient increases the person's secretions and makes breathing more difficult, palliative care doctors are taught.
Dehydration is a gentler death, with less agitation, he said.
But quite apart from that, the woman had done everything but stencil no IV across her forehead.
A palliative care consultant, however, couldn't overrule the surgical team whose patient she was.
I went home that night feeling really bad, Dr. Matlock said.
What prompted his account of this unpleasant exchange, all these months later, was a startling study recently published in The Journal of Palliative Medicine.
After surveying nearly 700 physician-members of a national hospice and palliative medicine organization, the authors report that more than half had had at least one experience in the past five years of another physician or health care professional referring to their treatments as euthanasia, killing or murder.
About a quarter of the respondents had heard similar accusations from a personal friend or family member, the study found.
And 25 doctors 4 percent of the respondents had been formally investigated on the question of whether they had hastened a patient's death.
It was cathartic for me to read the study, Dr. Matlock said.
It was helpful to know I wasn't alone.
But it's not exactly reassuring news for the rest of us.
We 've had frequent discussions here of end-of-life care and why the good death so many people want proves so elusive.
We can, with ample reason, blame physicians who don't want to talk or think about dying.
A favorite joke among hospice workers, who tend toward a dark sense of humor: Why are coffins nailed shut?
To keep oncologists from administering more chemotherapy.
It takes strong doctors to stand up to that kind of verbal abuse, to explain that courts and ethics committees have approved care that's intended to reduce suffering, to point out that the patient's own wishes are paramount.
Perhaps they have to be stronger than we know.
The culture is changing, Dr. Matlock told me.
But it's not changed yet.
In a recent article in The New England Journal of Medicine, they suggested offering to discuss overall prognosis, doctorspeak for probable life expectancy and the likelihood of death, with patients who don't have terminal illnesses.
The researchers favor broaching the subject with anyone who has a life expectancy of less than 10 years or has reached age 85.
By age 85, the article points out, the average remaining life expectancy for Americans is six years.
An 85-year-old has a 75 percent chance of living another three years, but only a one in four chance of surviving for 10.
Which category a particular old person falls into has much to do with the medical problems he or she has, or doesn't have, and with his or her ability to function.
Dr. Smith and his co-authors, Dr. Brie Williams and Dr. Bernard Lo -- a geriatrician and an internist, respectively -- vote yes.
This is about empowering patients to make informed choices and encouraging individual decision-making, he said.
Sadly, it takes guts to propose this when mention of the D word to patients still raises alarms.
The Obama administration had to cancel plans for Medicare to reimburse doctors when they discuss end-of-life care with their patients.
Death panels!
Rationing!
A substantial minority of older patients won't want to have this discussion, Dr. Smith acknowledged.
It's important to offer the information, not force it on people, he said.
But in his experience, it's the protective family caregivers who object to talking about prognosis, more than their older relatives.
A lot of very elderly patients realize they're in their final years, he said.
This doesn't come as a surprise to them.
My friends in their 90s are already thinking about it.
He cited a study he and colleagues published in The Journal of General Internal Medicine, based on interviews with 60 older people with disabilities, their average age 78 -- an admittedly small but ethnically diverse sample.
About two-thirds told researchers they'd want their doctors to tell them if they had less than five years to live.
Readers here had even stronger opinions: see this post about public access to longevity indexes.
And when they do think about it, Dr. Smith continued, they want to get their finances in order, plan for long-term care, spend time with children and friends.
They may be able to take fewer medications and undergo fewer procedures, with the emphasis on quality of life, or otherwise shift priorities.
This is a challenge to people, Dr. Smith acknowledged.
I 've had reactions from ` This is terrific ; I 've been arguing for this for years,' to a mentor at U.C.S.F. who said, ` This is ridiculous ; my patients don't want to hear this, and there is no way to predict life expectancy anyway.
'''
An index developed by Dr. Smith's U.C.S.F. colleague Sei Lee, for example, can correctly predict mortality within four years about 75 percent of the time.
Still, it's O.K. with Dr. Smith if professionals and patients have strong reactions, pro and con.
The point of the article is to get a national conversation started about this, he said.
It's a conversation you're invited to join in the comments section below.
Tension headaches are one of the most common forms of headaches.
They may occur at any age, but are most common in adults and adolescents.
If a headache occurs two or more times a week for several months or longer, the condition is considered chronic.
Chronic daily headaches can result from the under - or over-treatment of a primary headache.
Rebound headaches are headaches that keep coming back.
They may occur if you overuse painkillers.
Tension headaches occur when neck and scalp muscles become tense, or contract.
The muscle contractions can be a response to stress, depression, a head injury, and anxiety.
Any activity that causes the head to be held in one position for a long time without moving can cause a headache.
Such activities include typing or other computer work, fine work with the hands, and using a microscope.
Sleeping in a cold room or sleeping with the neck in an abnormal position may also trigger a tension headache.
Tension headaches can occur when you also have a migraine.
Tension headaches are not associated with brain diseases.
You may be given drugs to break up the clot.
It is best if these drugs are given within 3 hours of when you first felt the chest pain.
This is called thrombolytic therapy.
Some patients may also have heart bypass surgery to open narrowed or blocked blood vessels that supply blood to the heart.
This procedure is also called open heart surgery.
You will likely need to take medicines, some for the rest of your life.
Always talk to your health care provider before stopping or changing how you take any medicines.
Stopping certain medications can be deadly.

Publishers Little, Brown & Company is expected to announce that Elton John has signed up to write his first book, titled Love Is the Cure, about his experience in fighting AIDS.
MORE
Partnership between Elton John and Bernie Taupin, begun in 1967, has produced dozens of hit songs and more than two dozen albums, selling 250 million records ; Taupin writes song's words, while Elton John handles music ; songwriting pair's latest effort, The Diving Board, is stripped-down collection of dark piano-driven songs ; critics are calling it Elton John's best work in decades.
MORE
At a time when the music industry is jittery about its very future, two veteran artists are touring together and selling out shows as if the boom times of the 90's had never ended.
Billy Joel and Elton John's Face to Face tour, serves up a staggering array of hits that fans regard as well worth the money even at a top ticket price of $ 175.
Has any other pop star enjoyed a longer run of continuous hits than Elton John?
Since he first played New York 26 years ago, that jolly English cherub has put on quite a few pounds and acquired a reddish-brown hairpiece with bangs that gives him the look of a portly pixie.
But this 48-year-old singer is no decrepit oldies act.
It seems like only yesterday, but it was actually 19 years ago that Elton John scored his first major hit with Your Song.
Every year since then, the singer and pianist has had at least one moderate hit and more often than not he has had two or three.
A class-action suit resulted in $ 40 million in refunds on fees that courts deemed an illegal tax.
But some residents want City Hall to keep the money.
The Federal Bureau of Investigation on Tuesday named a former director, William H. Webster, to conduct an independent review of the bureau's handling of information about the Army major charged with murder in the Fort Hood shootings.
The F.B.I. ...
Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates on Thursday announced a Pentagon review of the shootings at Ford Hood, Tex., to help ensure, he said, that nothing like this ever happens again.
A former Army secretary, Togo West, and Adm. Vern Clark, the ...
From The Library of Congress Civil War Desk Reference, edited by Margaret Wagner, Gary W. Gallagher and Paul Finkelman.
Copyright © 2002 by The Stonesong Press Inc., and the Library of Congress.
Reprinted by permission of Simon & Schuster Inc..
Joseph Eggleston Johnston, C.S.A. 1807-1891.
A disciplined career soldier and a veteran of combat in Florida in the 1830s and in the Mexican War, Joseph Johnston resigned from the U.S. Army in 1861 to become a brigadier general, and later a general, in the Confederate States Army.
Transferred to the West, he presided over the loss of Vicksburg, then proceeded to fight a defensive war, trying to keep Confederate forces intact for further use.
Gradually falling back before William T. Sherman, Johnston was relieved of command in July 1864, but later was reassigned to the Army of Tennessee and fought several engagements in North Carolina.
The status of James Joyce as a writer never could be determined in his lifetime.
In the opinion of some critics, notably Edmund Wilson, he deserved to rank with the great innovators of literature as one whose influence upon other writers of his time was incalculable.
On the other hand, there were critics like Max Eastman who gave him a place with Gertrude Stein and T.S. Eliot among the Unintelligibles and there was Professor Irving Babbitt of Harvard who dismissed his most widely read novel, Ulysses, as one which only could have been written in an advanced stage of psychic disintegration.
Originally published in 1922, Ulysses was not legally available in the United States until eleven years later, when United States Judge John Monro Woolsey handed down his famous decision to the effect that the book was not obscene.
Hitherto the book had been smuggled in and sold at high prices by bookleggers and a violent critical battle had raged around it.
` Ulysses' is not an easy book to read or understand, Judge Woolsey wrote.
But there has been much written about it, and in order properly to approach the consideration of it it is advisable to read a number of other books which have now become its satellites.
The study of Ulysses is therefore a heavy task.
The reputation of ` Ulysses' in the literary world, however, warranted my taking such time as was necessary to enable me to satisfy myself as to the intent with which the book was written, for, of course, in any case where a book is claimed to be obscene it must first be determined whether the intent with which it was written was what is called, according to the usual phrase, pornographic, that is, written for the purpose of exploiting obscenity.
-- From the New York Times obituary, January 13, 1941
Subscribe to an RSS feed on this topic.
What is RSS?
Trends offer a unique way to get closer to what you care about.
They are tailored for you based on your location and who you follow.
Sadly, we have learned that Stormé Delarverié, a long-time Chelsea Hotel resident and icon of the LGBT community passed away yesterday.
Stormé had been living at the CABS Nursing Home in Brooklyn since October 2010.
UPDATE - The funeral service for Storme will be held Thursday, May 29 at the Greenwich Village Funeral Home from 7 - 9 pm.
Despite health issues in recent years, Stormé continued to remain active in the gay and lesbian community.
She could be seen proudly waving from the Stonewall Veteran Association's Cadillac during the Gay Pride Parade held each June in Manhattan.
On June 7, 2012, Brooklyn Pride, Inc. honored Stormé at the Brooklyn Society for Ethical Culture, citing her ground breaking work as a drag performer in the Jewel Box Revue an early racially integrated traveling gay drag show.
And just last month she was honored, along with Edie Windsor, by the Brooklyn Pride Community.
Born on Christmas Eve, 1920, in New Orleans, Stormé worked professionally as a drag king and torch singer.
Pictures of her in drag show her to be suave and handsome ; uncompromisingly androgynous.
In the forties through the sixties she was the emcee -- or, better yet, the ringmaster -- for the Jewel Box Revue, a traveling gay drag show, the first in America to be integrated.
Playing to mixed race, as well as mixed gay and straight, audiences, the revue gained mainstream acceptance in larger cities around the country.
In this context, Stormé was the subject of the 1987 film, Stormé: The Lady of the Jewel Box.
Produced by DC filmmaker Michelle Parkerson, the movie emphasized Stormé's appropriation of male symbols of power, such as suits and ties, in furtherance of the gay rights struggle.
-LSB- And, as Stormé once told me, I 've got a story, I chopped off my hair, put on men's clothes, and joined the Jewel Box Review! -RSB-
But Stormé's real claim to fame is that she's the person who threw the first punch at Stonewall, the rebellion named for the bar on Christopher Street that gave birth to the gay rights movement.
Prior to Stonewall, gay people were subject to arrest, pretty much arbitrarily, for such offenses as kissing or holding hands in public, or for dressing in the clothes of the opposite sex.
The police staged raids on gay bars at unpredictable times, arresting whoever they pleased.
The night of June 27, 1969, was seemingly like any other, with one exception: earlier that evening the city had mourned the passing of gay icon Judy Garland in a funeral attended by twenty-two thousand people.
Whether this had anything to do with what happened next is open to speculation, but this time, when the police raided the Stonewall Bar in the early hours of June 28th, they soon found that the gay people had had enough and were ready to fight back -- in particular one formidable drag king.
I doubt that Stormé went there that night looking for trouble, but she wasn't going to run from it either.
When a plain-clothed policeman punched her outside the bar, she retaliated, slugging him in the jaw.
When asked what the policeman did next, Stormé, in an interview for the gay TV news magazine, In The Life, replied, with characteristic terseness, He was on the ground.
Out.
-- Excerpt From Legends of the Chelsea Hotel.
In later years Stormé worked as a bouncer at the Henrietta Hudson bar.
She also acted as an informal security guard at the Chelsea Hotel making sure the lobby was cleared of riff raff late at night.
And, she enjoyed spending evenings with good friends at the nearby restaurant East of Eighth.
When the hotel was taken over by developers in 2007, Stormé, though nearly 90 years of age, still understood exactly what was happening and never wavered from her opposition to the people who were trying to evict us from our beloved Chelsea Hotel.
Stormé was a real original, a true Chelsea Hotel artist who was always willing to lend a helping hand to others.
She was one of the sweetest people you'd ever meet, although you didn't want to get on her bad side.
There won't be another like Stormé.
She will be missed.
Scott Smith takes us back to the early 1980s, a time when fabulous tranny hookers, crack dealers, and punk-wannabes ruled the Chelsea Hotel.
According to Scott, it was also a time of extreme sadness at the Chelsea, as many of the residents began to succumb to AIDS.
What do you do?What inspired you to move into the Hotel Chelsea?What inspired us to move into the Chelsea was that my boyfriend at the time and I were both in our early twenties, I had just gotten out of the Marine Corps and we were dead broke and living in a shooting gallery on 10th and Avenue C in the east village when that part of town was scary beyond belief and we thought the time was right for a move uptown to a de-luxe apartment in the sky.
We had heard that the Chelsea might have vacancies and that they liked artists which my boyfriend was.
Plus I loved the design of the building.
How'd you score your apartment?will be excerpted this fall in a collection being published by Kleiss Press.Bill is actually my blogging partner and oldest friend in New York.
We 've known each other for more than 23 years now.
We ran Bill in Exile for just over a year and shut it down a couple months ago.
It was very popular.
Bill is in prison for 7 and a quarter years for selling meth and our blog was simply the letters that we exchanged with each other every day and that I put up on the internet.
Were the punks still around lighting candles to Sid?Our interview with Stanley Bard the longtime manager of the Chelsea was, I thought at the time, pretty straight forward.
Realize that I had just gotten out of the Marine Corps and hailed from Kentucky so I didn't know a damn thing about much of anything, least of all New York real estate.
Mike the bf and I walked into Stanley's office with a couple of Mike's paintings and started talking to him about renting an apartment.
Stanley wanted to see the paintings we brought and we were only too happy to show them since we intended to try to use them in lieu of a security deposit.
Stanley looked at them, snorted a couple of times and handed us a set of keys to an apartment on what I recall was the 4th floor.
It was basically a large hotel room with a kitchen but it had a cute little wrought iron balcony outside right next to the Hotel Chelsea sign.
After we saw the apartment we told Stanley we loved it and he said you can move in tomorrow and that was that.
No security deposit no rent in advance.
I later learned that Stanley's way of doing business was not in the least the norm for New York landlords.
The early 80's had pretty much seen the demise of punk at the Chelsea by then especially after the Sid Vicious Nancy Spungeon killing.
Mostly you saw a lot of punk-wannabees and those who came around hoping to discover some truth about Sid Vicious, but mainly there were really cool tranny hookers in the hotel at the time.
They all had lived in the building for ages and remembered Sid Vicious and Nancy Spungeon and her killing in' 78.
They all had great stories.
The vibe at the Chelsea for me has always been really interesting.
When I lived there it was right before crack hit New York really hard but there were definite hints of things to come within the crew that made up the residents of the hotel.
You saw people starting to succumb to the drug and slowly, or not so slowly, and disappearing from it.
Actually, my drug dealer lived a floor above us while we were there and he continued to live in the same apartment for over ten years until he died of AIDS.
That was the big impact on the hotel and the city at that point.
AIDS.
AIDS and Crack.
Chelsea as a neighborhood had a quickly growing gay population since everyone in the village to the south was dying like flies and gays that were still alive wanted to flee the hot zone.
During the early 80's the hotel had a kind of sadness hanging over it since so many residents and friends of residents were dying and the gay boys who lived there, like me and my boyfriend, all were pretty much figuring that we'd be dead in a matter of months too.
So when we lived there I'd say that AIDS hung over everything.
AIDS and drugs.
What was the best/worst thing that ever happened to you at the Chelsea?Lets see, I walked up the stairs with a very young, very cute Mathew Modine once.
I think the elevator was out and we started chatting and I didn't realize who he was until later which is typical of me since I'm completely hopeless when it comes to spotting celebs.
He's very tall.
I rode the elevator with Ed Koch once.
I think he was heading to one of the big penthouse apartments to visit someone.
He's really tall too!
I used to see Andy Warhol in the lobby all the time with various members of his Factory entourage and his last protégé, Christopher Makos the photographer.
Chris and I became friends and lived near each other in the village for almost 20 years from the late 80's on.
Photo: Christopher Makos and Andy Warhol, c. 1981 A later celebrity connection that I had to the Chelsea was that of Ethan Hawke.
Although I had long since moved out of the hotel when Ethan lived there he and my brother Kenneth were friends and went to prep school in New Jersey together and even performed together in school plays.
I saw Ethan perform in The Glass Menagerie when he was 16 years old.
The best and worst thing about living at the hotel was that this pre-op tranny hooker named Simonette used to live in our apartment before we moved in.
She had a boyfriend named Tyler who was this incredibly beautiful 20 year old cadet at the U.S. Military Academy at West Point.
Don't ask me how he got away with it but suffice to say that Simonette could pass for a girl under all but the most extreme scrutiny.
Anyway, Tyler had gotten dumped by Simonette before we moved in and apparently she moved without forwarding information and Tyler being smitten and deeply in love was basically stalking her, or at least trying to stalk her but without too much success.
He would show up at our apartment door at all hours crying for her and begging to be let in.
My boyfriend and I ran him off repeatedly at first and he was really making us nuts but then one night we let him in and after sitting around talking to him for hours we basically became best friends.
We ended up helping him get over Simonette and I remain friends with him to this day.
Oh, yes.
Without a doubt the Chelsea has a creative spirit.
All one needs to do to confirm that is to walk the halls and you 'll feel it.
Or you can step out of the lobby onto 23rd street and look at the various plaques commemorating who lived there if you're less spiritually inclined.
The list of Chelsea residents is long and storied and includes Bob Dylan and Janis Joplin, Bill Burroughs, Gore Vidal, Allan Ginsberg and Tennessee Williams tons of homos!
and I think the hotel attracts people who are creative as well as a bit nuts in part because of its history and in part because Stanley used to make it really easy for artistically talented individuals to find a home there.
I also think that the people who live there, once ensconced in residency, feel that artistic spirit within the buildings walls and develop a sense that they need to live up to it and try hard to do so.
Though I never lived at the Chelsea Hotel myself, I used to babysit for a young couple who lived there back in the early nineties.They were not artists.
The man was an engineer and the woman owned a small business and I'm not sure why they chose the Chelsea.Perhaps because they liked to enjoy a hedonistic lifestyle they had an active social life or maybe they wanted to be thought of as artistic or daring.Or maybe just because it was cheap.That's the only thing I can think of.I was a teenager at the time, and since they were gone all the time I babysat for them nearly every day one summer, and they went out a lot at night too.
Now, what I'm going to say is the God's honest truth, though the couple won't admit it and they called me a liar to my face, but one night they had gone out to a cocktail party and they came home really late with another couple and they were all talking and joking around out in the stairwell.I wanted to leave and I was waiting to get paid.
The cocktail party was in the hotel I think, or at least there was some sort of party on one of the lower floors.All I know is it was really loud.They lived on the tenth floor.
The boy, for obvious reasons I don't want to say his name, came out in his pajamas.When we noticed him we all said, what are you doing out here, go back to bed, but he wouldn't.
Instead he went to the railing of the stairs and looked up at the skylight.He just kept looking up and finally he said, Mommy, who is that man up there?
His parents just laughed and said, Oh, what are you talking about?
But instead of dropping it, the boy became increasingly excited, pointing and screaming: Mommy, why is that man up there ?!
There's nobody up there honey, his mother said.
That man!That gray man up there!
There's nobody up there, his father said sternly.
Get back to bed.
Then the boy got quiet.He kept staring at the skylight, but he was quiet.I probably should have taken him to bed, but it was late and I really wanted to get paid and go home.
He's just tired, the parents said to their friends, who said their goodbyes and got on the elevator and went down.But while we were distracted watching them leave the boy had somehow managed to climb up on the railing and stand there, I don't know how he did it, balanced on the top rail.
Luckily, they saw him.
Oh my God!
they said.
What are you doing ?!
Now I 've done some research on this issue since then and this type of possession is never straightforward.
Though I was a babysitter then I went on to get a college education and studied psychology and parapsychology.
The boy was smart and he knew what was happening to him in a way though understandably he would often become confused and I think this was the source of his violent rages.Sometimes he thought that adults were trying to lead him to the railing or even to throw him over.He would scream and run away and hide in his room.I guess in these instances he was not possessed and maybe he even thought the adults were the Gray Man.When he was like this then you couldn't get him out the door for anything.
Irish musician Ciaran Dwyer writes to the blog, Recently i wrote a ballad that we will be including as a b-side on a 7 single that will be released in April The song Back Disco from our record will be the A-side, Its an acoustic tune called Chelsea Bards and i have included a verse in the tune about the Chelsea and Stanley.
Its very rugged and raw.
We spent the guts of that day in front of the window drinking beer in the Whitehorse tavern.
Then after a short visit to Village wines, we made our way back to Room 325 and laid this down in one take.
You can listen here: http://www.mediafire.com/?wgdt1xmzgzy
Avenue A, What happened today?
Its true what they say, that you only appreciate something, when you are far, far away.
Avenue A, I'm leaving today.
Its true what they say, That you only appreciate something, when it gets taken away
He takes me on a
It's often said that the ghost of Sid Vicious hangs out around the first-floor elevator at the Chelsea Hotel.
Current resident Ed Hamilton may have also spotted the spectre of Thomas Wolfe.
We had to cut the drywall to get to these wires, and they were switched, says -LSB- owner Charles -RSB- Ferri.
How could anyone even get to these wires?
It's still a mystery.
The incident prompted Ferri, a skeptic, to reexamine a string of odd happenings.
Lights had routinely flicked on and off.
Odd noises could sometimes be heard from the bar's back-room office, but ceased upon inspection.
Once, the furniture in the locked lounge was rearranged overnight.
Trends offer a unique way to get closer to what you care about.
They are tailored for you based on your location and who you follow.
POOR by The Real McKoy Creative: Given the current economic climate, you may not have much, but you make the most out of whatever you have.
It's all about perception with this tee: diamond bezeled, gold trim.
You can be poor and still be wealthy at heart.
We will email you for specifics on size and gender-related cut of the T-shirt
There is so much happening at any given time in the best borough, everyone and their moms moving here was inevitable.
Jacked up rent prices, Starbucks where a bodega used to be, these are the signs of the times.
The illustrated hand gestures are the sign language - ASL for Made.
We will email you for specifics on size and gender-related cut of the T-shirt
A limited edition photograph print with words grow love.
transform fear.
fight hopelessness.
over dark blue birds flying through a red sky.
Reproduction print from original mixed media artwork.
Original materials: acrylic, canvas, paper, glue.
White border around image.
Image is 16 x 23.5 inches with white border around the image.
Full print is 21 x 24 inches.
Jess Gusberg is a Brooklyn-based artist.
Michael Rispoli was born on November 27, 1960 in Tappan, New York, USA.
He is an actor and writer, known for Kick-Ass 2010, The Rum Diary 2011 and The Taking of Pelham 1 2 3 2009.
He is married to Madeline.
In May, Brett Whietely's Tahiti was auctioned by the Chelsea 23rd Street Corporation, the former owner of the Chelsea Hotel.
It will be reoffered for sale in Melbourne in July.
According to T, ... Paul Gauguin on the Eve of His Attempted Suicide, Tahiti, has been shown in public only once, during an exhibition in New York's Marlborough Gallery in 1968.
Like many other works produced by Whiteley during his time in New York, it never left the US.
His other works painted at the Chelsea include two portraits of Dylan one of which is missing.
Well, there is that other matter regarding the two Brett Whietely's that hung for many years over the desk in the lobby.
Tahiti, as far as we know, never hung in the Chelsea Hotel instead it appears it was part of a private collection.
Our esteemed proprietor turns 72 today.
The man dressed in a hot pink gorilla suit handing out balloons and singing happy birthday off key was a nice touch.
Update -- A generous Hotel Chelsea guest has sent us a link to a video of the birthday event!
Storme DeLarverie fought the police in 1969.
This year, she was in a nursing home, remembering what she could.
More Photos
At noon on Sunday, thousands of marchers filled Fifth Avenue for New York City's annual gay pride parade.
Nearly six miles away, on the sixth floor of a nursing home in Brooklyn, the frail, white-haired woman in beige pajamas and brown slippers in Room 609 sat motionless at the edge of her bed, staring out her window.
She had forgotten that the gay pride march was Sunday.
Her mind and her memory are not as sharp as her wit and her tongue.
She said she had been living there, at the Oxford Nursing Home, for years she arrived in April.
She was not sure how old she was she will be 90 in December.
The woman in Room 609, Storme DeLarverie, has dementia.
She is but one anonymous elderly New Yorker in a city with thousands upon thousands of them.
And many of those who marched down Fifth Avenue on Sunday would be hard pressed to realize that this little old lady -- once the cross-dressing M.C. of a group of drag-queen performers, once a fiercely protective and pistol-packing bouncer in the city's lesbian bars -- was one of the reasons they were marching.
Ms. DeLarverie fought the police in 1969 at the historic riot at the Stonewall Inn in Greenwich Village that kicked off the gay rights movement.
The first gay pride parade in 1970 was not a parade at all but a protest marking the one-year anniversary of the Stonewall uprising.
Some writers believe Ms. DeLarverie may have been the cross-dressing lesbian whose clubbing by the police was the catalyst for the riots the woman has never been identified.
While others are adamant that Ms. DeLarverie was not that woman, no one disputes that she was there, and no one doubts that the woman who had been fighting back all her life fought back in the summer of 1969.
At one point on Sunday, she said she was not struck by the police.
At another moment, she said a police officer had hit her from behind.
He wound up flat on his back on the ground, said Ms. DeLarverie, a member of the Stonewall Veterans' Association.
I don't know what he hit me with.
He hit me from behind, the coward.
Ms. DeLarverie has struggled in recent years with a confluence of housing, mental health and legal issues.
In 2009, a social services group, the Jewish Association for Services for the Aged, was appointed her legal guardian by a judge.
In March, she was hospitalized after she was found disoriented and dehydrated at the Chelsea Hotel, her home for decades.
No one occupies her room on the seventh floor of the hotel, but it remains unclear if she will ever return.
A small group of friends, including some of her neighbors at the Chelsea Hotel, visit her regularly.
A social worker with the nonprofit group SAGE, which provides services to lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender older people, has been assisting Ms. DeLarverie since 1999, when she was at risk of eviction from the hotel.
The young gays and lesbians today have never heard of her, Ms. Cannistraci said, and most of our activists are young.
They're in their 20s and early 30s.
The community that's familiar with her is dwindling.
Leah Ferster, chief services officer for the Jewish Association for Services for the Aged, said she was not aware that that was a concern among her friends.
We have to make sure she's medically capable and able, and if that was true, then we would be glad to speak with her friends and see if we can come up with a safe plan and have her go out for a few hours, she said.
Ms. DeLarverie's first name is pronounced STORM-ee, like the weather, but in Room 609 on Sunday, she was calm, chatty, graceful.
Her life has been flamboyant, boundary-breaking, the stuff of pulp fiction.
Friends say she worked for the mob in Chicago.
The drag-queen group she performed with decades ago, known as the Jewel Box Revue, regularly played the Apollo in Harlem she dressed as a man and the men dressed as women.
She was photographed by Diane Arbus.
She carried a straight-edge razor in her sock, and while some merely walked to and from the gay and lesbian bars in the Village, friends said, she patrolled.
Sitting at the edge of her bed, her mind turned again to the parade, where, in the past, she had been a fixture.
She said she had a message for those who took part in the celebration.
Just be themselves, like they 've always been, she said.
They don't have to pretend anything.
They're who they are.
Ms. DeLarverie asked what time it was, and what time the march started.
At one point, she took off her slippers and seemed to look for her shoes.
I think they started already, she said.
They're probably wondering where I am.
Sadly, the summit took place against the backdrop of the recent beating of drag superstar Kevin Aviance as he left a club in the East Village.
As one of the panelists pointed out, this sort of thing happens all the time to members of the LGBT community ; the only reason this incident made the news is because Aviance is famous.
a.k.a..
The Book of Lamentations:
HIGHLIGHT is pleased to present new paintings and not so new by the American poet and painter Rene Ricard.
In this exhibition, numerous works created over the past decade by Ricard are presented.
The paintings consist of oil on linen with hand-painted poems in Ricard's signature font over poison green canvasses and over figurative paintings taking inspiraton from various photographic sources.
Many of the paintings are stylistically neoclassical and, when combined with the poetry, they are at once humorous, witty, historical, confessional and evocative.
Ricard has served as mentor, muse, inspiration and critic for the New York City art scene for the past four decades.
He has been one of America's most controversial arbiters of taste.
He was a leading figure of Andy Warhol's Factory, appearing in such Warhol classics as the The Kitchen and Chelsea Girls.
He is also an accomplished poet, with several volumes in his name including the DIA Art Foundations inaugural publishing, Rene Ricard 1979-1980.
In 1981, he wrote the cover article Radiant Child in Art Forum magazine, and he since then has been credited in helping Jean-Michel Basquiat and Keith Haring transform from underground figures to art stars.
Since the 1980 ′ s, Ricard has been the subject of paintings, photographs and films by Francesco Clemente, Julian Schnabel, Nan Goldin, David Armstrong and Dash Snow.
Rene Ricard b. 1946 lives and works in New York City.
He has had solo exhibitions at Petersberg Press New York, 1990, The Chelsea Hotel New York, 2002, Cheim and Read New York, 2003, Dinter Fine Art Hudson, NY, 2004, Scream Gallery London, 2008, Half Gallery New York, 2009, Vito Schnabel Gallery New York, 2011, Vito Schnabel Gallery Los Angeles, 2012.
His work is in the permanent collections of the British Museum, The Museum of Modern Art, the collection of Brice and Helen Marden, Francesco Clemente, Jacqueline Schnabel and numerous other private collections.
Chetrit was born in Morocco in the 1960s to a Moroccan Jewish family, the son of Simon and Alice Chetrit.
More biographies on Andy Warhol have been written since his death in 1987 than when he was still alive.
I have read many of them, and as I reread my past diary entries I am also rereading my book reviews.
Without question the worst Warhol biography was Ultra Violet's rushed tell-all Famous for 15 Minutes: My Years with Andy Warhol, which I will surely reprint on the anniversary of the day I wrote it.
The Life and Death of Andy Warhol by Victor Bockris, however, is certainly the best biography I have read on the Prince of Pop Art.
Bockris, like Ultra Violet, was a Warhol insider who worked closely with the artist.
While Ultra Violet hung out among the druggies at The Factory and whored herself to reporters for any available inches of press ink, Bockris worked with Warhol on his book and television projects, as well as Interview magazine.
The Life and Death of Andy Warhol goes further back than any Warhol biography I know, all the way back to Warhol's family history in Slavic Ruthenia.
We learn about his parents, aunts and uncles and what immigrant life was like for Warhol's ancestors.
Bockris interviews Andy Warhol's first teachers and his schoolmates, and it is these intimate interviews that make the book unique.
Other biographers may interview only those in Warhol's contemporary circle of friends, whereas Bockris went further into the past and finally got some answers to questions that have left other biographies severely lacking.
For example: why did Warhol's mother live with him?
Was Warhol gay?
Was he asexual?
Why did he fear hospitals?
Other biographies have given short and simple answers to these questions, but didn't have any depth in the historical explanation.
How can one publish a book about an artist, and not include photos of the works one is describing in the text?
Maybe Bockris needed the rights to print photographs of Warhol's works.
There were only a few black-and-white pictures, and they were either photos that every Warhol fan has seen before, or photos from Warhol's two brothers' private albums, which weren't published anywhere until now.
We remember the sadness we felt when we heard Ian Faith had died.
But the incredible, shocking and completely undeniable truth is that the legendary manager of such rock groups as Spinal Tap, Salt In Their Wounds and Crusty Panties is alive.
And not only is he alive, but he's talking, exclusively, to Spy contributor Chick Hadrian.
The phone rang, and I answered, and I heard that familiar Chickie!
Hal-lo, man!
Never had I felt such terror, as would anybody who thought he was talking to a dead man.
Particularly a dead man named Ian Faith.
The memories came flooding back: learning that Faith had overdosed in the Chelsea Hotel ; hearing Scott Muni's show on WNEW-FM with Pete Townshend and Ian Anderson reminiscing about the legendary manager.
I also remembered Ian's funeral in Woodlawn, New York.
His most famous proteges, David St. Hubbins, Derek Smalls and Nigel Tufnel of Spinal Tap, had come, as St. Hubbins recently admitted to Rolling Stone, because he owed us a great deal of money.
Before long they were literally dancing on his grave and, in their celebration, laying plans for their reunion, the one that is engaging the nation today.
As soon as the call came, I knew I had to see him.
I found him in his little bungalow in the Caymans.
After the usual finding-someone-alive-whom-you thought-dead pleasantries, we got down to business.
Well, my motivation was really the band.
Several years ago the affairs of the band had become ... let's say tangled, and I felt it best to devise some strategy whereby I could take upon myself, uh, the responsibility for these various ... well, indiscretions, really.
They weren't crimes or anything like that.
Let's put it this way: They were collective indiscretions that I had individually undertaken.
I mean, I had individually undertaken the indiscretions and in some cases committed outright fraud as a representative of the band.
And it was as a representative of the band.
A vote had been taken -- at various times, to the best of my recollection -- electing me to act as an officer for the band's business.
Let me get this straight.
You were defrauding people on
No, not in the main.
I had received advances from interests in Europe and elsewhere for albums that were yet to be recorded.
Such sums get eaten up when you're dealing with a band that has the artistic sweep of a Spinal Tap.
You really can't skimp on the money.
You 've got to give them what they need to fulfill their vision.
Fulfilling their vision involved going to certain secluded places so they could work in peace -- or, more precisely, my going to certain secluded places so they could work in peace.
Anyway, to make a long story short, this situation was, well, in a way desperate.
And that was when I quite openly -- well, not openly as far as everyone was concerned ; I was being open with myself -- let's say I quite consciously
embezzled money.
I actually committed a crime in order to draw attention away form the potentially damaging indiscretions that had been committed by the band collectively, without their knowledge, by me.
No, no -- I don't think many would.
My strategy was to put myself in the position where the authorities would blame only me for those apparent crimes, and then kill myself.
Exactly.
Still, I do think the band has been very ungrateful.
As it says in the Bible, Greater love hath no manager than that he lay down his life of his band.
Exactly.
Precisely.
It was beyond them, frankly.
I 've always said the band's skills and talents are intuitive, they're not cerebral.
They don't have minds, in the usual sense of the word.
Well, it's remarkably easy to die in New York City.
It did take the cooperation of a good friend and sympathetic ally -- a very good friend called Hassan, a gentleman I met in Beirut some years ago.
We're talking about November 12, 1990.
You were in the Chelsea
No, not that many kinds.
I mean, I wanted to make it appear that I was overdosing, but really it was only one or two kinds, maybe three.
Exactly, Chick, exactly.
Finally, after a few weeks, I went to my room and stuck a syringe in my arm.
But I didn't push the plunger.
I then assumed a dead position.
I had taken this Japanese blowfish stuff, which lays you out so that if you're examined in a rudimentary fashion, like by policemen, you can appear to be dead.
Hassan then pretended to find my body and reported it to the hotel manager, who of course was distraught.
Well, he wasn't that distraught -- this kind of thing happens fairly frequently in the Chelsea -- but I had been a good tipper.
Anyway, things became a little bit more complicated.
We couldn't have me taken off to the morgue, so the body -- that is, me -- had to be replaced by another body.
Well, in fact.
it was that of a friend I had met during the binge, and he was actually dead.
And that was just a lovely bit of good luck, because this person -- Jose?
Julio?
I can't remember -- hadn't been dead when we met.
Oh, well, that was me.
At the undertaker's I was put into a coffin in which Hassan had hidden six scuba tanks, so that when the coffin was closed and I was lowered into the grave, I would be able to survive for several hours.
So that was me, with a rapt smile upon my face, being paid my last respects, which very few people bothered to do.
Yes, that was depressing.
I mean, obviously I expected some form of anger -- you know, it's a classic survivor thing -- but also ...
Well, something like grief, at least.
Certainly what I did not expect was the vituperation.
I remember, as the first shovelful of dirt hit the coffin, Tufnel yelling, Bye, Ian, come back as something I can eat!
Which seems to me a bit rough.
I thought they were just stamping down the dirt, but later, of course, it was reported that they were actually dancing.
Dancing, whooping, high-fiving, the works.
The one significant undertaking was in Europe.
I was in touch with a friend of mine, a fellow named Danzig.
He's one of those very interesting chaps who deal with six or seven countries at once -- you know.
he's doing a feature film in Paris financed with Arab money, and the rock score is being done by some Nazi psycho-metal band he's booking into Sweden -- he's one of these postmodern Renaissance men.
Anyway, he was in contact with some moderate Iranians inside Iran who wanted to improve the image of their country.
One scheme was to start up a record company with Iranian money, Moderate Records, and Danzig offered me a chance to join in.
Precisely.
My plan was to assemble an Iranian band that I wanted to call the Mullahs of Invention.
In the end, we did find some Turkish kids in Bremen who looked Iranian, and we bought them a Marshall stack and some Gibson SGs to get them started, but then I found out to my horror that the money that was coming in from Iran wasn't staying in the company.
It was moving right out again in cash, usually in the equipment of Israeli rock bands, to Tel Aviv.
And some days later there would be a new F-14 on a runway in Teheran.
The whole company was a conduit for getting arms into Iran.
Although for a while there, we were in clover, because here we were, with tens of millions of dollars going through the accounts, the richest record company in Europe -- and no product!
We didn't have to go out and push anything.
We just had to sit there, basically, picking our noses and getting laid.
I actually thought of it as the pinnacle of my career, because it was sex, drugs, but no rock'n roll.
I didn't have to spend half my time trying to get some pumped-up little wanker onstage, you know, just to play a set.
But then the American Congress got their knickers in a twist, and the whole thing ground to a crashing halt.
Well, this is one of the bones of contention between me and the band.
The thing is, we had this group, the Mullahs, but they didn't have any songs.
But, you see, I was sitting on this huge catalog of songs by this group called Spinal Tap, which for all intents and purposes didn't exist anymore.
So I slipped the songs into Moderate's catalog.
Well, no, not exactly -- I more or less actually contributed the catalog in return for my salary.
But that's why there's been contentiousness about where the Spinal Tap catalog is.
Technically.
But so what?
Let him sue!
You know -- what's he going to do?
Cut off Nigel's hand?
Well, it's extremely difficult to trade on one's reputation when one is reputedly dead.
So I kind of had to take what I could get.
And one thing that turned out to be quite lucrative was rights to concessions at skinhead rallies in Europe.
Black Hanes Beefy-T's, no shrinking, good stuff.
I mean, it's not good, in the moral sense.
I mean it moves.
But I must say I didn't feel very proud of myself for getting involved with the neo-Nazi business, so I did try to offset it with some benefits.
Yes.
One was an international rock concert for tennis players who 've been held hostage by terrorists.
It was -- well, it was actually a video more than a -- well, it was actually held in a television studio and beamed to many, many places via satellite.
More than you'd think.
And when they are released, there 'll be some money for them.
A bit.
Well, it's like the end of a fallow period.
I'm proposing to some of my fellow veterans that we set up a Traveling Wilburys-type outfit, a sort of Managing Wilburys, that would go around the country orchestrating the careers of groups on the road.
Each band would stay in one place, but we'd be traveling around.
Look, believe what you want, but I 've at least been talking to someone calling himself Bill Graham who's an angry sort of fellow who does seem to have some experience in promoting music, and that's good enough for me.
We're thinking of setting up a new Fillmore, the Fillmore South, in Tampa.
Get a very, very big empty place, get a big parking lot, make it the centerpiece of a theme park devoted to the mythos of rock'n roll.
That's the vision, anyway.
Yes, I'm quite into the world beat.
I 've been to South Africa, and I 've lined up quite a few interesting musicians.
Like Paul Simon, but very much unlike him as well.
Most of my fellows are white.
Yes, Afrikaners.
They incorporate a lot of elements not usually found in black African music.
Drums for example.
Sort of military, but with an oompah flavor.
It can be very moving.
A tribute?
To whom?
That's just it -- a tribute to whichever giant of our business is next to pass.
The great people, let's face it, are hitting 50 and more, which means in days to come they will tend to be dying more frequently.
And what's needed is the ability to organize tributes instantly for rock superstars.
I see what you mean.
If you look at this Freddie Mercury
Precisely!
Imagine how much more could have been raised if they could have saluted Freddie while fans were still in the throes of grief!
With my plan we have everything in place, so that as soon as somebody dies, it's all there -- the arena, the international hookups, the equipment, the celebrities -- so that if, say, Paul McCartney dies tomorrow, I can have a tribute going for him in 24 hours.
I can't mention names at this point, but believe me, the participants are all top-flight people, and the animal-rights people or whoever it is that has Paul's ear -- or more appropriately, I suppose, Linda's ear -- will be very happy that we'd be there, all organized, before the bloom's off the rose.
That would be a dream, Chick, to be back with the boys.
I think they could use me -- it doesn't seem their album has taken off like the B-1 bomber exactly, now has it?
Topped out at No. 61, off the chart in five weeks.
Not that it would be easy, but I am the fifth member of Spinal Tap, after all, their Pete Best, Brian Epstein, George Martin and Murray the K all wrapped up in one.
And there are so many memories, so many difficult memories.
Nigel tried to poison me at one point.
Typical Tufnel -- he used a bright-blue crystalline rat poison and put it on my salad.
I mean, it shows up, blue does!
It shows up on a salad.
Yes, but the point I want to make is that everything I did -- the embezzlement, the fraud, the illegal transfers, the skimming -- was really my way of saying, I love you, Tap.
I'm very fond of our body of work together, our oeuvre, even though logging 24-hour days for years on end for a band is not the easiest way to lead a life that could have been very creative in its own right.
I mean, I had my own dreams, you know, that I put on hold.
But that's all bygones.
All I want to say is that if they want to make the first move, then I'm here to serve, as I always have been.
PATIENCE IS a virtue.
Just ask trumpeter-bandleader-educator Khalil Shaheed, whose informal session work with one of his musical mentors, Jimi Hendrix, was finally heard in 2003 on the PBS program Martin Scorsese Presents the Blues.
The Jimi Hendrix episode features an early recording of a budding Shaheed jamming with the guitar god.
It was a really, really educational part of my life, to be hanging with Jimi, Shaheed says, by phone from his home in Oakland.
I was really young at the time, like 19 or 20.
Shaheed was in Buddy Miles' jazz band for six years and befriended Hendrix through Miles -- then drummer for Hendrix's Band of Gypsies.
Buddy's band was living in New York at the Chelsea Hotel right around the time of Electric Ladyland.
Jimi used to just call me up and say, ` Hey, man, bring a horn section over.
Let's record!'
We'd go over and might be over there for two or three days.
With the passing earlier this month of Oakland-based jazz pianist Ed Kelly, all three of Shaheed's main musical mentors, including drum master Billy Higgins, are no longer alive.
Shaheed has become a teacher and mentor to countless others.
As the founder and director of the 11-year-old Oaktown Jazz Workshop OJW, he has brought the world of jazz into many lives and schools.
Performance Workshops are tailored to players 12 to 18 years old, while 45-minute Jazz in the Schools programs introduce music students to the world of jazz and its relationship to the European classical tradition.
Jazz fans will get to hear Shaheed on March 6 as the San Jose Jazz Society presents his quintet as part of its Sunday Jazz Series.
Featuring tenor saxophonist Richard Howell, pianist Glen Pearson, bassist Ron Belcher and drummer Darrell Green, the group is the core of Shaheed's 13-piece Big Belly Blues Band.
It's like a family thing, he says of one group anchoring the other.
While he's still determining the exact program, he does know it will be of a straight-ahead, post-bop nature.
Another certainty is that lessons he teaches in the classroom are likely to make their way onto the bandstand.
The one thing I 've learned about teaching in 20 and 30 years is that you never quit learning.
By teaching, you learn, he reflects.
So I may be teaching something to my band and come up with a great idea to use for my professional band.
They interlap, and it's a really great thing, because it keeps it fresh.
Born in Pittsburgh and raised in Chicago, Shaheed began gigging in high school.
His jazz-nut father would chaperone him to bar dates with established musicians.
He also dressed up with big floppy hats and big coats to sneak into bars to hear groups and meet musicians.
Neither of his parents were musical, but his father took Khalil to concerts by Duke Ellington, Count Basie and Gene Ammons.
After graduating from high school, he attended Southern Illinois University at Carbondale, where he studied composition and performance.
He taught music on the side before moving to the Bay Area, to be near his mother, who had transferred out here for her job with United Airlines.
Attending San Francisco State, he started to gig locally before taking up his gig with Miles.
After the six years of touring with him, he returned to the Bay Area and continued to live and play and teach here.
I majored in performance and composition.
That tells you right there that my goal wasn't to be a teacher.
And it turns out if I wasn't a teacher right now, I'd be starving to death, he concludes.
So you plan, and God plans.
God is the best planner.
The Khalil Shaheed Quintet performs March 6 at the Palm Room at the Hyatt St. Claire as part of the Sunday Jazz Series 2005.
The show starts at 3pm and tickets are $ 17.
For more information, visit www.sanjosejazz.org.
No need to worry.
We're on the case!
Your CD Baby online session is due to expire shortly.
Would you like to extend your session and remain logged in?
The reliance on one person was not ideal, but pervasive fear long ago persuaded other Uighur academics to keep their mouths shut.
On Tuesday, the Chinese authorities effectively silenced Mr. Tohti, sentencing him to life in prison on charges of separatism.
Following a two-day trial, the court ruled that Mr. Tohti had bewitched and coerced his students at Minzu University in Beijing into working on Uighur Online, an Internet forum where issues facing China's Uighur minority could be openly discussed.
Mr. Tohti has a number of relatives working for Xinjiang's public security apparatus, including an older brother who is the vice director of a prefectural police department.
In the interview, he described how relatives were occasionally sent to Beijing by their employers to persuade him to give up his advocacy work:
Having so many relatives working for the police has definitely helped me, but it has mostly hurt them.
I'm sure their careers would be much further along if it were not for me, and this weighs heavily on my conscience.
One brother and my mother aren't speaking to me at the moment.
They say, You're hurting all the children.
My brother recently came to Beijing to convince me to give up my work.
He cried -- all my siblings cry when the subject comes up -- and he pleaded with me to stop giving interviews to the foreign media and to stop writing about Xinjiang's problems.
I feel like I'm under pressure all the time.
It's not from fear -- although I'm always afraid I 'll disappear at any moment -- but from frustration and feelings of helplessness.
But this is my life, the one I 've given myself.
I want to have a normal life, but I can't.
The most painful thing is the sense that I 've let down my family.
Mr. Tohti was critical of the Chinese news media's approach to Xinjiang -- parroting government propaganda while dutifully ignoring the region's problems.
But he also took issue with some of the Western media's coverage of Xinjiang, especially their focus on the religious identity of the Uighur people:
The Chinese media's portrayal of the Uighur people has nothing to do with reality.
I respect and understand that the news media are trying to encourage ethnic harmony, but this approach leaves the voice of Uighur people muffled.
Truth be told, the Uighur people have been forgotten by the world, both by the West and by the Islamic world.
In the Western media, we are often portrayed in the context of Islam.
Islam is our religion, of course, but Uighur history and culture are more than just about religion.
My hope is that people in the West can see us as more than just a Muslim people.
In fact, we have little in common with the Islamic, and especially the Arab, world.
Our culture, language and even our faces are different, a fact that is lost on most outsiders.
In fact, if you go to places like Saudi Arabia or Pakistan, you 'll find far more Han than Uighurs.
This is because Uighurs can not get passports to leave China.
Mr. Tohti bemoaned what he described as the widespread fear among Uighurs, who have been cowed into silence by draconian security.
A raft of other restrictions, he also complained, leave Uighurs ignorant about their history, culture and religion:
We Uighurs are currently in the infant stage, or even a fetal stage.
We do not know about our rights.
There is a lack of love between us.
There are too few brave souls, too few people who dare to speak the truth.
There's too little knowledge.
But the Chinese government says it is cultivating the Uighurs.
You are a Uighur, and because you are a Uighur, you are not allowed to keep your identity.
Because you are a Uighur, you have to shave your beard, I can prevent you from reading the Quran.
Because you are a Uighur, you can be discriminated against in the job market.
I see that my people are changing.
Separatism is continuing to strengthen.
Many people have a separatist mentality now.
It is much more prevalent since the 5 July incident -LSB- rioting in 2009 that left nearly 200 people dead in Urumqi, the regional capital -RSB-.
Many problems are caused by the authorities, but I am also worried that many of my people are becoming extremists.
It is not good.
It threatens harmony and is detrimental to resolving Xinjiang's problems.
This country is bound to repress more people, and in the end, there won't be any results.
So we can only use peaceful means.
Mr. Tohti had an oddly close relationship with public security officials in Beijing, where he lived and worked.
Although he was constantly watched -- and sometimes detained and interrogated -- he said he was relatively well treated by his minders.
What he feared most was security personnel in Xinjiang, who had long sought to punish him for his outspokenness.
As it happened, after his arrest in January, Mr. Tohti was sent back to Xinjiang and, according to his lawyers, he was repeatedly mistreated while in police custody.
It seems there's a lot of competition among the different security branches.
Everyone wants a piece of me.
Everyone wants to burnish their reputation by getting such a big fish.
They put pressure on me ; they tell me to stop bringing international attention to Xinjiang.
Each time I promise them I 'll keep quiet, but then ...
I have to admit, the security police in Beijing have become almost sympathetic to me.
They are young guys, in their 20s and 30s, just trying to make a living.
At this point, they actually consider me a friend.
Anyway, the other day, the guys assigned to me were really pissed because I spoke to a foreign reporter.
They said, We're nice to you.
If you fall into the hands of the Xinjiang police, you 'll be in grave danger.
You're a tiny ant, and you can be killed at any time.
I'd be lying if I said I'm not afraid.
Every time the doorbell rings, I think they're coming to get me.
In the beginning, when I was called in by the police, I'd been trembling with fear.
But after all these years of interrogations, my mind has grown stronger.
I'm not so easily scared.
I'm just worried about my wife and kids, afraid they will be treated unfairly after I'm gone.
The rooms are padded, but not for anyone's comfort.
The announcement from the anticorruption authorities in Beijing that all of the capital's districts and counties must install at least three discussion rooms was instead meant to drive home the government's unrelenting resolve in prosecuting corrupt officials.
The orders come as the Chinese capital has seen a huge increase in the number of graft cases under investigation.
Citywide the number of investigations into official corruption rose to 772 over the first eight months of this year, an increase of 64 percent over the same period in 2013, according to a report Tuesday in The Beijing News.
The report said that the Beijing Municipal Commission for Discipline Inspection, the local office of the Communist Party's anticorruption body, ordered the construction of the interrogation rooms at all its local offices as a way of turning the crackdown on corruption into a more regular, institutionalized part of operations even at the lowest levels of government.
The rooms have bars over the windows and padded walls, tables and chairs.
Here you can not only achieve a suitably serious atmosphere for investigations, but this infrastructure can help increase the efficiency in handling cases, the newspaper said.
In the past, when grass-roots discipline inspection officials held meetings with their subjects, they usually had to use an empty meeting room or office.
The padded rooms are intended to prevent officials under investigation from injuring themselves.
Amid the current crackdown, about 30 officials have killed themselves this year.
A handful of officials have also died in custody, apparently from abuse suffered at the hands of investigators in the Communist Party's opaque system for investigating its own members, known as shuanggui.
The word literally means double regulation, referring to the designated time and place for a session.
By escaping from judicial and possibly disciplinary penalties once and for all, the officials suspected of corruption can not only preserve their titles and honor, but also preserve the material gains they have made for their families, since their illegal income will no longer be confiscated, Lin Zhe wrote on Monday in the state-run China Daily.
Considering the astonishing sums of money an official can obtain through corruption, that's a good deal for them and their families.
Anticorruption efforts shouldn't become a campaign -- a temporary political movement -- the paper said, paraphrasing Zhu Lijia, a scholar with the China National School of Administration.
Setting up a system and rules will help normalize the anticorruption fight.
Mr. Li was on the hilltop quad of Chinese University of Hong Kong on Monday with thousands of students from local universities, kicking off a weeklong student class boycott.
At his side was a tote bag emblazoned with the face of the quintessential revolutionary, Ernesto Che Guevara, the Argentine Marxist.
And on Mr. Li's white T-shirt, in black Chinese characters, the sentence, When dictatorship becomes a fact, revolution becomes a duty.
That was a key slogan of the student-led Sunflower Movement in Taiwan earlier this year.
Demonstrators in Taipei, protesting against a trade pact with China that they feared would further enmesh the island with the Communist mainland, hung the quote, similar to one penned by the French author Victor Hugo, in huge characters on Taiwan's Parliament building, which they were occupying in a protest.
Students in Hong Kong are gearing up for their own civil disobedience, with plans to stage sit-in protests in the city's Central business district in coming days and weeks, though these may take place on a holiday, causing minimal disruption.
And like their Taiwanese counterparts, fear of the increasing influence of Beijing drives the Occupy Central movement, which is pushing for public nominations for candidates for Hong Kong's highest office.
Other students passed out glossy programs for the event -- much like the kind found at baseball games or Broadway shows -- that included a spread about the 1968 student demonstrations in France.
And Hugo's Les Misérables also plays into the Occupy Central movement.
The movement's theme song -- Do You Hear the People Sing?
-- is from the musical adaptation of Hugo's classic novel and is sung in Cantonese by a little girl.
Mr. Li, sporting Wayfarer sunglasses, outlined his own plans for the protests.
What I expect here is to make some noise for some actions afterward, like Occupy Central, he said.
I am not sure whether I 'll be sitting down there, Mr. Li said.
I have no idea.
There are some contradictions in my mind, he said, adding that he is feeling pressure from his family.
His father told him not to make a mess.
Looks like somebody took a wrong turn with the sledge hammer and ended up at the Black Hole of Calcutta.
Who knows how many bohemians have fallen into this bottomless pit.
The night after we ran into you in the hall, Joan came running in after using the computer downstairs with tears in her eyes.
I'd never seen her look so frightened!
I'm the coward not her.
She said there was a silhouette of a man in the reflection of the door as she waited for the elevator.
She looked away and when she looked back it was still there.
Then in the morning we got a silent phone call.
But that could of been anything or anyone.
Though I never lived at the Chelsea Hotel myself, I used to babysit for a young couple who lived there back in the early nineties.They were not artists.
The man was an engineer and the woman owned a small business and I'm not sure why they chose the Chelsea.
Perhaps because they liked to enjoy a hedonistic lifestyle they had an active social life or maybe they wanted to be thought of as artistic or daring.
Or maybe just because it was cheap.That's the only thing I can think of.
I was a teenager at the time, and since they were gone all the time I babysat for them nearly every day one summer, and they went out a lot at night too.
Now, what I'm going to say is the God's honest truth, though the couple won't admit it and they called me a liar to my face, but one night they had gone out to a cocktail party and they came home really late with another couple and they were all talking and joking around out in the stairwell.I wanted to leave and I was waiting to get paid.
The cocktail party was in the hotel I think, or at least there was some sort of party on one of the lower floors.All I know is it was really loud.They lived on the tenth floor.
The boy, for obvious reasons I don't want to say his name, came out in his pajamas.When we noticed him we all said, what are you doing out here, go back to bed, but he wouldn't.
Instead he went to the railing of the stairs and looked up at the skylight.He just kept looking up and finally he said, Mommy, who is that man up there?
His parents just laughed and said, Oh, what are you talking about?
But instead of dropping it, the boy became increasingly excited, pointing and screaming: Mommy, why is that man up there ?!
There's nobody up there honey, his mother said.
That man!That gray man up there!
There's nobody up there, his father said sternly.
Get back to bed.
Then the boy got quiet.He kept staring at the skylight, but he was quiet.I probably should have taken him to bed, but it was late and I really wanted to get paid and go home.
He's just tired, the parents said to their friends, who said their goodbyes and got on the elevator and went down.But while we were distracted watching them leave the boy had somehow managed to climb up on the railing and stand there, I don't know how he did it, balanced on the top rail.
Luckily, they saw him.
Oh my God!
they said.
What are you doing ?!
