Deborah Cavendish, the Duchess of Devonshire, in the gardens of her estate, Chatsworth, in 2003. 
Jonathan Player for The New York Times The Dowager Duchess, the last of six eccentric Mitford sisters, was an author and businesswoman who helped turn her husband's ancestral estate, Chatsworth, into a tourist attraction. 
Deborah Cavendish, the Duchess of Devonshire, in the gardens of her estate, Chatsworth, in 2003. 
Jonathan Player for The New York Times The Dowager Duchess, the last of six eccentric Mitford sisters, was an author and businesswoman who helped turn her husband's ancestral estate, Chatsworth, into a tourist attraction. 
The Obama administration released preliminary data on insurers that have indicated they want to participate next year in the insurance exchanges. 
In Context, Health Premium Increases Don't Actually Look Like Increases When inflation and the cost of old insurance markets are considered, the premiums available to consumers willing to shop around are remarkably low. 
HealthCare.gov Is Given an Overhaul Federal health officials said the shorter application on HealthCare.gov has fewer pages and fewer screens to navigate, and allows people to sign up with fewer clicks. 
Medicaid Gives the Poor a Reason to Say No Thanks Now that some programs are charging premiums, people may be discouraged from obtaining health insurance. 
The Food and Drug Administration has approved a new injectable diabetes drug from Eli Lilly for adults with the most common form of the disease. 
He wanted his body given to a medical school or research organization. 
It wasn't that simple. 
With New Health Law, Shopping Around Can Be Crucial In the Affordable Care Act marketplaces so far, insurance filings show good news for the federal budget and aggressive shoppers. 
But people who don't shop could get stuck with a big bill. 
Surrogates and Couples Face a Maze of Laws, State by State There is nothing resembling a national consensus on how to handle surrogacy and no federal law, leaving the states free to do as they wish. 
How Insurers Are Finding Ways to Shift Costs to the Sick By charging different prices for generic drugs, health insurers may be violating the spirit of the Affordable Care Act. 
PARIS -- In another in a video series of designers in their offices, we go behind the scenes with Rick Owens, an American in Paris who lives and works in his own building. 
Here, he discusses renovation, responsibility and the importance of rocks. 
And that's just the stuff that didn't make it into the video. 
-LRB- The conversation has been edited and condensed. -RRB- 
Q. How long have you been in this building? 
A. Twelve years now. 
When we first moved in, it had drop acoustical tile ceilings with fluorescent lights and carpeting and wallpaper, and we ripped it all out. 
We did it right before a show period, so we hadn't had time to seal anything, like the concrete or the walls or anything, so the bottom floors were filthy and everybody, all of the buyers, knew who had been to the Rick Owens showroom in Paris because they would be walking in the streets covered head to foot in dust. 
Nobody really complained. 
I think they were delighted a little bit because it was such an extreme experience and they probably felt like they had an adventure. 
As well as some asbestos poisoning or something. 
Q. Was it weird to move from Hollywood Boulevard, where you started your career, to the Seventh Arrondissement in Paris? 
You are right behind the Assemblée Nationale. 
When we first moved to Paris, we lived in the Marais, and there's just too many parties with all of those kids running around. 
Here, it's just embassies and old families. 
Everybody in this building has some kind of aristocratic name, and I am this nouveau riche American that's ruining the neighborhood. 
One of my favorite things is going to sleep at night, and we can hear the footsteps on the gravel of the guards patrolling the garden. 
It's just the most delicious sense of security. 
Q. Why did you decide to come to Paris? 
I was manufacturing in Italy, and going back and forth between Italy and Los Angeles just didn't make sense, and since I'd started showing in Paris, it made sense to move everything here. 
It doesn't really make a difference. 
There were times that I kind of forget I am not still in Los Angeles, because I kind of create the same triangle here : the couple of restaurants I eat at, my house and office, and the gym. 
It's just that now I walk through the Jardin des Tuileries to get to the gym, which is very different than Hollywood Boulevard. 
Q. Has the office changed a lot since you 've been here? 
This room just recently changed. 
It used to be very destroyed, and the ceiling was kind of falling apart. 
It was a little bombed-out looking. 
It's only very recently that I plastered it all up and made it all extra shiny white. 
As I get older, I need more organization. 
It's not because of the pace of fashion or anything, because to tell you the truth, I'm so addicted I don't think I would want it any slower. 
I'm fine with it being fast. 
I'm fine with the deadlines and stuff. 
It gives me a silly little sense of purpose. 
Q. Did you make the chair and the desk? 
Yeah. 
When we first moved in here, we needed a lot of stuff, and that would have been a fortune. 
So I just faked it with what we had in hand. 
The chair is just a box with pillows. 
I like reducing everything that I do to a rock and a fire and a fur in a cave. 
So I'm thinking, What are the essentials? 
We need a couple of benches, we need a bed. 
What else? 
Light switches. 
Light switches should be great because you have to touch them every day. 
Q. 
So you keep most of the materials on your desk, or do you sketch? 
I don't sketch. 
I mainly do it with draping. 
What I do every season is order toiles of past styles that we 've done. 
Then I manipulate them here and take photos and sketch over them, or I do a line, or paste them up together, and then they send me another toile and I manipulate that, and that's how we work here. 
Right now I'm trying to figure out how to make tulle look like concrete. 
Fashion is just a fresh combination of elements that we all connect with. 
Q. There's very little other than tulle on your desk. 
There are some crystals. 
I just like how they seem kind of spiritual even though I'm not at all. 
Kind of spiritual and prehistoric. 
I like to think about the grandest scale possible. 
When I see things that are a little too traditional or things that I can define too easily, it makes me react and want to do something that is more a summary of our experiences instead of just one facet. 
Q. Do you like working where you live? 
I do. 
I have this incredible advantage of being independent and this being kind of my personal indulgence. 
I really do stay in my own world. 
There have been times when we were growing where I did feel a sense of responsibility, and I started to think about what do people want, what are people responding to, what should I do next? 
And I learned that that was a mistake. 
I learned that listening didn't work for me. 
I couldn't interpret well enough. 
I hadn't developed the social skills to filter what was valuable and what was distraction. 
So finally I learned that I really had to be completely selfish and just think about what amused me, what I enjoy. 
Because people seem to respond to the things that I connect to the most. 
Dear Diary : The lights are on down there, but that dark-haired woman has suddenly moved out. 
No furniture in the rooms, nothing. 
Clean. 
She hadn't been in the apartment long, maybe three months? 
Seems so empty, so vacant, without her. 
Didn't know her name, or even what she looked like, really, the distance between our buildings too great. 
In her 30s, I'd guess. 
Her blinds, like mine, were usually up. 
Like me, she'd often forget to lower them at night. 
I didn't want to stare ; if I could see her, she could see me. 
But I was aware of her, knew she was there, going about her business. 
Maybe she knew of me, too. 
She reminded me of the woman who had been in that same apartment some 40 years ago. 
Also in her 30s, with long dark hair. 
One night she was yelling at her boyfriend ; he stood there, not apologetic, just bearing the tirade. 
Her wails were so loud I -LRB- and the rest of the neighbors -RRB- could hear them : `` I can't BELIEVE you slept with another woman, '' mainly, over and over. 
She soon moved out. 
Anyway, tonight, it just seems weirdly lonely. 
Especially since they 've left the lights on, the bare rooms glaring, reminding me each time I pass my window of some sort of loss. 
Read all recent entries and our updated submissions guidelines. 
Reach us via email diary@nytimes.com or follow @NYTMetro on Twitter using the hashtag #MetDiary. 
undefined
At 3:54 PM ET : Stocks are up across the board as advancing issues outpace declining issues on the NYSE by 1.6 to 1. 
Large - and small-cap stocks are both strong, while the S. & P. 500 index is up 0.78 %. 
Among individual stocks, the top percentage gainers in the S. & P. 500 are Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. and Vertex Pharmaceuticals Inc.. 
Some unlikely groups marched side by side among the estimated 300,000-strong People's Climate March, organized to put pressure on politicians gathering at this week's United Nations Climate Summit. 
Wearing purple T-shirts, a group of Sisters of Mercy -- as one of them put it, `` commonly known as nuns '' -- came to the march from all around the northeast of the country. 
The women told Op-Talk they were protesting because earth and `` creation '' are being destroyed, polluted. 
`` It's a matter of justice, and we 're about justice and compassion for anyone who is marginalized or oppressed, and the earth is among those, '' said Frances Thomas, 71. 
Not far, a group of wholly different `` sisters '' marched, wearing green. 
One of the protesters was Bridget Burns, 29, the advocacy and communications director for the Women's Environment and Development Organization, a group that helped organize the women's contingent of the march. 
`` We 're here to talk about climate change being an issue of social justice, '' Ms. Burns told Op-Talk. 
`` Yes, it impacts everyone, but impacts people differently, depending on who has access to resources. 
And that has a gendered face, a woman's face, '' she said, explaining that women are particularly affected by natural disasters from droughts to tsunamis. 
The march carried many messages from many individuals and groups -- as many as 1,300 -- from `` Moms Clean Air Force '' to activists from the AIDS awareness group Act Up. 
But the overarching demand was clear : Climate change is a problem, and something needs to be done. 
`` The first step is to just acknowledge that something is happening, '' the actor Joseph Gordon-Levitt told Op-Talk. 
`` Big money has been able to frame the conversation such that a lot of people still think it's debatable whether it's been happening or not. '' 
What was valuable about the march, with its overwhelming and diverse turnout, Mr. Gordon-Levitt said, is that it made the climate movement's claims `` irrefutable. '' 
`` The voice of global concern for action on climate change is back, and this time it's no longer an environmental issue, it's an everybody issue, '' one of the march's organizers, Ricken Patel of Avaaz, a global activism movement, wrote in an op-ed for CNN. 
`` Climate change has gone beyond environmentalism, it's now about the economy, jobs, justice, family, security. '' 
Marcelo Magnasco, 50, a biophysicist at the Rockefeller University in New York, marched in his white lab coat. 
`` I'm one of the 97 percent of scientists that believe that climate change is real, and its anthropogenic, '' he told Op-Talk. 
Mr. Magnasco brought his entire family to the march, including his 5-year-old daughter, Luna. 
`` This is my children's fight. 
We are leaving them this mess, aren't we? '' 
The younger generation is already fighting, and in large numbers. 
A numerous, and loud, contingent of students representing the movement pushing colleges to divest from fossil fuels marched holding a sign saying `` Our Future, Our Choice. '' 
`` Our futures and our values are at stake '' said Iliana Salazar-Dodge, 19, a sophomore at Columbia. 
Ms. Salazar-Dodge is part of the Fossil Fuel Divestment Student Network, a group of activists on 400 campuses across the country. 
Ms. Salazar-Dodge echoed Ms. Burns's sentiment that climate change affects some people more than others. 
`` People of low socioeconomic status as well as indigenous people in tropical regions would be most affected by sea level rise, '' she told Op-Talk, adding that she was concerned for her own family in Mexico, which was recently hit by one of the most severe storms in decades. 
This sense of urgency was emphasized by the march's organizers. 
`` There is a gap between the speed of action our survival requires and the action our governments are taking, '' Mr. Patel writes. 
`` The street is how we close that gap, because politicians will move faster when people move them. '' 
Bill McKibben, another organizer and founder of 350. 
org, writes at The New Yorker that `` marches aren't subtle ; they don't lay out detailed manifestos. '' 
But the night before, one such manifesto was introduced at the Climate Convergence conference that accompanied the march. 
Naomi Klein, a journalist, activist and author of the books `` No Logo '' and `` The Shock Doctrine : The Rise of Disaster Capitalism, '' spoke at St. Peter's Church in Midtown Manhattan about her new book, `` This Changes Everything. '' 
It's easier to imagine turning down the temperature of the sun, Ms. Klein said, than changing the rules governing our economy. 
But `` these are the choices that we have before us, this is why climate change changes everything, '' Ms. Klein said. 
In her book, Ms. Klein argues that the root cause of climate change is capitalism, emphasizing that if no profound and radical changes to the system are made, a climate catastrophe is inevitable. 
`` The bottom line is what matters here : Our economic system and our planetary system are now at war, '' Ms. Klein writes. 
`` Only one of these sets of rules can be changed, and it's not the laws of nature. '' 
Both in her book and during the talk, Ms. Klein admitted that she, along with many others on the left, had ignored the importance of climate change for years. 
While talking to an activist from a developing country, she writes, she realized not only the urgency of the problem but a potential for larger change that could eliminate the inequality plaguing our societies while at the same time alleviating climate change. 
Some of her solutions include `` rebuilding and reviving local economies '' or `` reclaiming our democracies from corrosive corporate influence, '' and blocking new free trade deals. 
The issue of climate change can not be left to governments whose efforts -- begun in the late 1980s -- have largely been sluggish and ineffective. 
Some preliminary data show that since 1990, carbon emissions rose by 61 percent, Ms. Klein points out. 
In `` This Changes Everything, '' she dismisses the partnership between big green groups and corporations and calls for a mass, grass-roots movement. 
`` While ` power to the people' may seem an uninspired way to change the world's dominating socioeconomic systems, Klein's sharp analysis makes a compelling case that a mass awakening is part of the answer, '' writes Chris Bentley in a review of the book for The Chicago Tribune. 
The book has also drawn criticism. 
Both Mr. Bentley and John Gray at The Guardian criticize Ms. Klein for the relative lack of specific ideas for an alternative economic system to the one she demolishes in her argument. 
Mr. Gray writes that her central argument is faulty. 
Humans have been causing damage to the climate long before the rise of capitalism, he says. 
Instead of framing it as a clash between the planet and capitalism, it would be `` more accurate '' to say the conflict is between `` the expanding demands of humankind and a finite world. '' 
He adds, on a more optimistic note that the winner is clear : `` The Earth is vastly older and stronger than the human animal. '' 
This article is part of Op-Talk, a new feature of NYT Opinion. 
Get unlimited access to our expanded Opinion section and try our new NYT Opinion iPhone app for free. 
Open your refrigerator : how many bottles of salad dressing are lurking in the door? 
If you 're an average American shopper, you add one or two bottles to that sticky collection every couple of months. 
Yet you don't actually need a single one. 
Those bottled dressings, even the expensive and all-natural versions, contain ingredients like corn syrup, cheap vegetable oil, monosodium glutamate and any number of unnecessary stabilizers and gums. 
And they aren't really more convenient than a basic vinaigrette made from real ingredients -- which can also live happily and indefinitely in the refrigerator door. 
There's a notion among purists that homemade dressing must be made from scratch for every single salad. 
These are the same people who scorn salad greens in plastic tubs, wash every leaf individually, and tell you to rub your olive-wood salad bowl with a garlic clove. 
As Maggie Smith proclaimed in `` The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie, '' `` For those who like that sort of thing, that is the sort of thing they like. '' 
What I like is to shake up a pint of classic vinaigrette once a week or so, nothing more than olive oil, vinegar, shallots and mustard, and stick it in the refrigerator until I need it. 
It takes about seven minutes and makes a bright, fresh green salad an immediate possibility any night of the week. 
If the goal is to add a green vegetable to your dinner -LRB- and when is it not? -RRB- 
, this is a whole lot easier than roasting brussels sprouts or sautéing green beans, and nearly as nutritionally effective. 
To the salad you can add slivered red peppers, half-moons of cucumber, toasted pine nuts, halved grape tomatoes, soft herbs like parsley or mint -- or nothing at all. 
This dressing has never gone `` off '' or rancid, or failed to be anything but fragrant and delicious. 
The flavor of the oil may not be as exquisite after week two, but with all the other strong flavors in the jar, it really doesn't matter. 
The secret seems to be in the shallots, which continue to soften and sweeten in the vinegar for as long as you keep the dressing, adding a round, bright flavor for as long as you keep it around. 
In the refrigerator, the olive oil will clump together, but a half-hour at room temperature -LRB- or resting next to the stove -RRB- will liquefy it again. 
I wouldn't do this with all dressings ; the taste of garlic and anchovies tends to get stronger over time, and the acidic fragrance of lemon juice gets weaker. 
But with robust vinegar and shallots, this dressing is itself a pantry staple that can be tweaked each time you use it. 
Just before serving, pour out the amount you need, then add anchovy paste, garlic and lemon zest to make a Caesar dressing. 
Or whisk in feta cheese, lemon juice and fresh oregano for a Greek salad. 
Or blend in some honey to make the flavor more appealing to children. 
Or thin it with crème fraîche and minced chives to make a French-accented creamy dressing. 
Last, adding toasted bread or croutons, nuggets of good bacon and poached or sunny-side-up eggs can turn any of these salads into a full meal. 
And unless you 're going to live on Hot Pockets, dinner doesn't get much easier than that. 
undefined
Jennifer was 39 and perfectly healthy, but her grandmother had died young from breast cancer, so she decided to be tested for mutations in two genes known to increase risk for the disease. 
When a genetic counselor offered additional tests for 20 other genes linked to various cancers, Jennifer said yes. 
The more information, the better, she thought. 
The results, she said, were `` surreal. '' 
She did not have mutations in the breast cancer genes, but did have one linked to a high risk of stomach cancer. 
In people with a family history of the disease, that mutation is considered so risky that patients who are not even sick are often advised to have their stomachs removed. 
But no one knows what the finding might mean in someone like Jennifer, whose family has not had the disease. 
It was a troubling result that her doctors have no idea how to interpret. 
Such cases of frightening or confusing results are becoming more common because of a big recent change in genetic testing for cancer risk. 
Competing companies have hugely expanded the array of tests they offer, in part because new technology has made it possible to sequence many genes for the same price as one or two. 
Within the next year, at least 100,000 people in the United States are expected to undergo these tests. 
The costs, about $ 1,500 to $ 4,000, are covered by some, but not all, insurers. 
The new tests build on the success of earlier ones for inherited risks of breast, ovarian and colon cancer, which can give people options for prevention, like getting screened more often, taking a drug to lower breast cancer risk, or having their breasts or ovaries removed. 
But some doctors worry that the newer tests for up to 30 genes may open a can of worms, because the ability to find mutations has outpaced the understanding of what they mean. 
In some cases, tests find cancer-associated mutations for which there are no preventive measures, and the patient is left with a bleak prognosis. 
Some genes were included `` because they could be tested, not necessarily because they should be, '' said Dr. Kenneth Offit, chief of clinical genetics at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York. 
He said that the testing companies are `` rushing headlong into this era, '' and that `` individuals are getting results we 're not fully educated to counsel them on. '' 
The emergence of multigene testing was accelerated by a Supreme Court ruling last year. 
Before that, starting in the 1990s, almost all testing for hereditary breast cancer risk was done by Myriad Genetics, which had patents covering BRCA1 and BRCA2, two genes that significantly increase risk. 
But the Supreme Court invalidated key patents on the BRCA genes. 
Numerous companies like GeneDx, Ambry Genetics, Invitae and Quest Diagnostics quickly began offering BRCA tests, and many tried to get a jump on Myriad by offering multigene panels, rather than just BRCA testing. 
To keep pace, Myriad introduced its own test of 25 genes linked to various types of cancer, for about the same $ 4,000 price as the BRCA-only test. 
The company expects to do 100,000 of the new tests in the next year or so. 
It has been doing 250,000 BRCA tests per year, but says it plans to stop offering BRCA-only risk tests by next summer, in favor of the panel. 
Some people who have multiplex tests, like Jennifer, are worried about one disease but get blindsided by results pointing to another. 
Dr. Offit said he had seen two other patients with the same test results as Jennifer in the past few months. 
In many other cases, a mutation is found but there is little or no data on whether it raises the risk of getting cancer. 
In some versions of the new multigene tests, more than 30 percent of patients will be told they have such mutations, which are called `` variants of unknown significance. '' 
`` Patients are not getting closure, '' Dr. Offit said. 
`` They 're walking out not knowing what to make of it. '' 
Dr. Susan Domchek, an expert on breast cancer mutations at the University of Pennsylvania, said : `` With panels, only about 10 percent of the time do we find a clear mutation in anything, and even when we do we 're not exactly sure how we should change management. 
But sometimes we do. '' 
Mary-Claire King, a professor of medicine and genome sciences at the University of Washington who helped discover the BRCA1 gene, said that laboratories should not even report variants of unknown significance to doctors and patients. 
`` We need to report back only what is devastating and clearly devastating, '' she said. 
`` Patients and their physicians need to have information that they can act on and they can act on with clarity. '' 
She said the vast majority of such uncertain variants would turn out to be benign anyway, so there was little reason to worry people, especially when that might motivate them to have prophylactic surgery. 
But Dr. King conceded that most experts do not agree with her about withholding uncertain findings. 
A recent study in the journal Cancer showed the pros and cons of multigene testing. 
It used Myriad's 25-gene test to examine nearly 1,800 people who were referred for BRCA testing because they had breast cancer. 
As expected, about 9.3 percent had BRCA mutations. 
Another 3.9 percent had a mutation in a different gene related to breast or ovarian cancer, and 0.3 percent had a mutation in a gene linked to other cancers. 
Some of the non-BRCA findings were serious, and warranted advising patients to consider preventive surgery, the researchers said. 
There was a considerable downside : Variants of unknown significance were identified in more than 41 percent of the patients. 
Some patients had more than one. 
Almost all were in genes that, unlike BRCA1 and BRCA2, had not been studied extensively. 
Doctors have no advice for such patients, except to wait until more is known. 
Experts say that over time, as more people are tested, more is learned about mutations, and the rate of uninterpretable variants should decline. 
When Myriad began BRCA testing, its rate of unknown variants was 40 percent. 
Now it is 2 percent. 
Various efforts are underway to interpret mutations and compile them in publicly available databases ; one of the latest is an online registry to which patients can upload their own data. 
Eventually, they will be able to see how many other people have the same mutation, and how many get cancer. 
Called Prompt, for Prospective Registry of Multiplex Testing, it was created by Memorial Sloan Kettering, the University of Pennsylvania, the Mayo Clinic and the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute. 
Several genetic testing companies are also helping to promote it. 
Jennifer said she was eager to join, mainly to make sure her mutation was better understood, in case her two young children have it. 
She lives in New York, and asked that her last name be withheld to protect her family's privacy. 
In the meantime, no one is suggesting that she have her stomach removed. 
But she has been advised to have an endoscopy -- a procedure in which a camera-tipped tube is passed into the stomach to examine it -- twice a year, probably for the rest of her life. 
Her mutation may also be linked to breast cancer, so she will be consulting specialists about screening. 
Tamika Matthews, 40, from the Bronx, has had breast and thyroid cancer, and has had both breasts removed. 
Her genetic tests found no BRCA mutations, but did detect variants of unknown significance in four genes that may be linked to cancers, including those of the colon and breast. 
She had no family history of breast cancer, but her grandmother and two great-aunts had colon cancer. 
`` When they called me in and gave me the results, I wanted to say, ` Please, I don't want to know everything. 
I changed my mind,' '' Ms. Matthews said. 
`` But it's better to be informed. '' 
But what has she been informed of? 
`` It's so up in the air, '' she said. 
`` But I'm glad somebody's working on it, at least. '' 
Ms. Matthews has a son, 19, and hopes the registry will turn up information that will help him. 
`` Even though he may not get breast cancer, he may have daughters, '' Ms. Matthews said. 
`` I don't want them to go through what I went through. '' 
Each topic page collects all the news, reference and archival information, photos, graphics, audio and video files published on topics ranging from A M Castle & Company to Zyuganov, Gennadi A. 
This treasure trove is available without charge on articles going back to 1981. 
Alan Howard, founder of the Brevan Howard hedge fund, donated $ 34.8 million to finance the center. 
The last financial crisis was devastating, he said. 
`` We must not allow that to happen again. '' 
Read more ... 
If people need motivation to get up from their office chairs or couches and become less sedentary, two useful new studies could provide the impetus. 
One found that sitting less can slow the aging process within cells, and the other helpfully underscores that standing up -- even if you are standing still -- can be good for you as well. 
For most of us nowadays, sitting is our most common waking activity, with many of us sitting for eight hours or more every day. 
Even people who exercise for an hour or so tend to spend most of the remaining hours of the day in a chair. 
The health consequences of this sedentariness are well-documented. 
Past studies have found that the more hours that people spend sitting, the more likely they are to develop diabetes, heart disease and other conditions, and potentially to die prematurely -- even if they exercise regularly. 
But most of these studies were associational, meaning that they found a link between sitting and illness, but could not prove whether or how sitting actually causes ill health. 
So for the most groundbreaking of the new studies, which was published this month in the British Journal of Sports Medicine, scientists in Sweden decided to mount an actual experiment, in which they would alter the amount of time that people spent exercising and sitting, and track certain physiological results. 
In particular, with this experiment, the scientists were interested in whether changes in sedentary time would affect people's telomeres. 
If you are unfamiliar with the componentry of your genes, telomeres are the tiny caps on the ends of DNA strands. 
They shorten and fray as a cell ages, although the process is not strictly chronological. 
Obesity, illness and other conditions can accelerate the shortening, causing cells to age prematurely, while some evidence suggests that healthy lifestyles may preserve telomere length, delaying cell aging. 
For the new experiment, the Swedish scientists recruited a group of sedentary, overweight men and women, all aged 68, and drew blood, in order to measure the length of telomeres in the volunteers' white blood cells. 
Then half of the volunteers began an individualized, moderate exercise program, designed to improve their general health. 
They also were advised to sit less. 
The other volunteers were told to continue with their normal lives, although the scientists urged them to try to lose weight and be healthy, without offering any specific methods. 
After six months, the volunteers all returned for a second blood draw and to complete questionnaires about their daily activities. 
These showed that those in the exercise group were, not surprisingly, exercising more than they had been previously. 
But they were also, for the most part, sitting substantially less than before. 
And when the scientists compared telomeres, they found that the telomeres in the volunteers who were sitting the least had lengthened. 
Their cells seemed to be growing physiologically younger. 
Meanwhile, in the control group telomeres generally were shorter than they had been six months before. 
But perhaps most interesting, there was little correlation between exercise and telomere length. 
In fact, the volunteers in the exercise group who had worked out the most during the past six months tended now to have slightly less lengthening and even some shortening, compared to those who had exercised less but stood up more. 
Reducing sedentary time had lengthened telomeres, the scientists concluded, while exercising had played little role. 
Exactly what the volunteers did in lieu of sitting is impossible to say with precision, said Per Sjögren, a professor of public health at Uppsala University in Sweden, who led the study, because the researchers did not track their volunteers' movement patterns with monitors. 
But `` it's most likely, '' he said, that `` sitting time was predominantly replaced with low-intensity activities, '' and in particular with time spent standing up. 
Which makes the second new study of sedentary behavior particularly relevant. 
Standing is not, after all, physically demanding for most people, and some scientists have questioned whether merely standing up -- without also moving about and walking -- is sufficiently healthy or if standing merely replaces one type of sedentariness with another. 
If so, standing could be expected to increase health problems and premature death, as sitting has been shown to do. 
To find out whether that situation held true, Peter Katzmarzyk, a professor of public health at the Pennington Biomedical Research Center in Baton Rouge, La., and an expert on sedentary behavior, turned to a large database of self-reported information about physical activity among Canadian adults. 
He noted the amount of time that the men and women had reported standing on most days over the course of a decade or more and crosschecked that data with death records, to see whether people who stood more died younger. 
The results, published in May in Medicine & Science in Sports & Exercise, are soothing if predictable. 
Dr. Katzmarzyk found no link between standing and premature death. 
Rather, as he writes in the study, `` mortality rates declined at higher levels of standing, '' suggesting that standing is not sedentary or hazardous, a conclusion with which our telomeres would likely concur. 
The Citizens Financial Group appears to be off to a promising start to its new life as a publicly traded bank. 
Shares in the midsize lender were up more than 5 percent in midday trading on Wednesday after the company priced its stock below an expected price range. 
As of a little after 1 p.m., Citizens shares were trading at $ 22.72 each, valuing the company at $ 13.6 billion. 
Even at that level, however, the bank's stock has not yet reached the low end of its initial forecasted price range of $ 23 to $ 25 a share. 
But the rise in the stock price still indicates interest in what is the second-biggest initial public offering in the United States so far this year, after only the enormous market debut of the Alibaba Group. 
A person briefed on the matter said previously that the order book for the offering was oversubscribed at the I.P.O. price of $ 21.50. 
The offering tested the appetite of investors for yet another midsize lender in a year that has brought many to seek public listings. 
The stock sale by Citizens was bigger than those of General Electric's former consumer finance arm, now known as Synchrony Financial ; Ally Financial, the former lending arm of General Motors ; and Santander's American auto loan arm. 
Initial offerings of banks and lenders have performed somewhat poorly this year, with the stocks of both Ally and Santander Consumer down since their market debuts. 
Shares in Synchrony remain above their I.P.O. price. 
Driving Citizens' stock sale in large part was a move by the bank's majority owner, the Royal Bank of Scotland, which received a government bailout during the financial crisis. 
The lifeline, worth more than 45 billion pounds, or $ 74 billion, left British taxpayers owning a roughly 80 percent stake in the bank. 
R.B.S. has been under pressure to improve its profitability and slim its operations down, and an I.P.O. of Citizens was considered a natural step. 
`` The sale of Citizens is an integral part of the R.B.S. capital plan, '' Ross McEwan, the British lender's chief executive, said in a statement. 
`` This I.P.O. represents a key step on the path to full divestment. 
Selling Citizens will significantly improve our capital position and help us to create a strong and secure bank that can continue to fully support the needs of its customers. '' 
After the offering, R.B.S. will have a roughly 75 percent stake in Citizens, though it plans to sell off all of its holdings by 2016. 
The I.P.O. was run by joint global coordinators Morgan Stanley, Goldman Sachs and a group of joint book-running managers led by JPMorgan Chase. 
It has become clichéd to call warblers the butterflies of the bird world, but it is a fair description of these tiny, colorful birds. 
In breeding plumage, male warblers are decked out in fluorescent reds, brilliant yellows, greens and metallic blues. 
A long look at a warbler as it flits from branch to branch may last just a few seconds, but even in that brief time, its colors astound. 
Warbler migration generally peaks in New York in mid-May and finds nervous bird-watchers fretting over weather reports and rescheduling anything that might interfere with getting a glimpse of any birds that last night's winds blew in. 
We could all take a cue from this excitement ; we are in the midst of an ancient wonder, the migration of breeding birds along the Atlantic Flyway. 
You don't need to call yourself a bird-watcher to enjoy the show, and though getting a good look at some of these birds can be challenging, many can be approached at a no-need-for-binoculars range. 
Most warblers have lovely plumage, but the black-throated blue -LRB- Setophaga caerulescens -RRB- is something special. 
With a marlin-blue back and a velvety black mask, the male -LRB- top photo -RRB- is unmistakable and, when preoccupied, very approachable. 
Sometimes a casual observer can get within a yard or two as the birds forage for insects among spring's new leaves and buds. 
Black-throated blues prefer rich, mature woods with a dense understory, but during migration, they can be found in any number of habitats. 
Read more ... 
This vivid Masturbation Moment went down in what appears to be some sort of utility van parked on Havemeyer and North 7th Street around 8:45 a.m.. 
At least he wasn't driving! 
Students took part in a walkout Tuesday outside Arvada West High School in Colorado to protest the proposed formation of a curriculum-review committee. 
Matthew Staver for The New York Times 
The Securities and Exchange Commission is looking into whether the money management firm Pimco inflated the returns of an actively traded $ 3.6 billion exchange traded fund that mirrors the bond giant's flagship fund. 
The Pimco Total Return Exchange-Traded Fund is run by the money manger's founder, William H. Gross, who has come under pressure this year as investors pull out money and as questions persist over his management style following the surprising departure of his heir apparent, Mohamed A. El-Erian, in January. 
The Wall Street Journal, which first reported the S.E.C. investigation, says that regulators are looking at whether the E.T.F. bought certain bonds at a discount but then used higher valuations in a way that gave investors misleading information about the performance of the fund. 
The Journal also reports that the inquiry has been going on for months and that Mr. Gross has been interviewed by investigators. 
A spokesman for Pimco confirmed the investigation, saying in an emailed statement on Wednesday morning : `` Pimco has been cooperating with the S.E.C. in this nonpublic matter, and we take our regulatory obligations and responsibilities to our clients very seriously. 
We believe our pricing procedures are entirely appropriate and in keeping with industry best practices. '' 
Pimco's flagship fund, the Total Return Fund, is the world's biggest bond fund with more than $ 221 billion in assets under management as of the end of August. 
But poor returns have led many investors to head for the exits. 
Over the last 16 months, investors have redeemed about $ 68.8 billion, according to Morningstar. 
The exchange-traded fund, intended to be a cheaper and easier to trade version of the giant bond fund, started in 2012. 
At the time, Mr. Gross told Bloomberg News : `` Small investors don't always have access to active management with a higher yield and a higher total return. 
We are hoping ` mom and pop' can do a little bit better than the bond market at a time of historically low yields. '' 
An E.T.F. is essentially a mutual fund that trades on a exchange like a stock. 
An an actively traded E.T.F. like the Pimco portfolio is one where managers pick the bonds to buy and sell for the portfolio. 
By contrast, many E.T.F.'s are passive portfolios that merely track the performance of an index and do not involve a manager's involvement in selecting securities. 
Since its debut, the E.T.F. has generally outperformed the Total Return Fund, also managed by Mr. Gross. 
This year, the Pimco E.T.F. has returned 5.46 percent compared with a 4.31 percent return for the Total Return Fund, according to Morningstar. 
The Barclays Capital U.S. Aggregate Bond Index, the main benchmark, has returned 4.81 percent. 
Todd Rosenbluth, director of E.T.F. and mutual fund research at Standard & Poor's Capital IQ, said that most people believed the mismatch between the performance of the exchange-traded fund and the Total Return Bond Fund could be attributed to the fact that the E.T.F. does not use derivatives. 
The Total Return Fund has long used derivatives to buy bonds in part because it needs to make such large purchases because of its mammoth size. 
Mr. Rosenbluth said the news of the S.E.C. investigation suggested that the better performance of the E.T.F. might be related at least in part to the way Pimco was valuing the `` odd lot '' bonds it was purchasing for the E.T.F. `` They are buying in such smaller scale for the E.T.F. so they are trying to get pricing of odd lot bonds and the pricing of odd lot bonds can sometimes not be as straightforward, '' he said. 
`` It's a much smaller product, and it is harder to get good pricing on smaller lots. '' 
Pimco -- the Pacific Investment Management Company -- is owned by Allianz of Germany, Europe's largest insurance company. 
`` Allianz has been kept regularly informed by Pimco about the S.E.C. investigation, '' a spokeswoman for Allianz in Munich said on Wednesday. 
undefined
Yet another set of ominous projections about the Ebola epidemic in West Africa was released Tuesday, in a report from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention that gave worst - and best-case estimates for Liberia and Sierra Leone based on computer modeling. 
In the worst-case scenario, the two countries could have a total of 21,000 cases of Ebola by Sept. 30 and 1.4 million cases by Jan. 20 if the disease keeps spreading without effective methods to contain it. 
These figures take into account the fact that many cases go undetected, and estimate that there are actually 2.5 times as many as reported. 
In the best-case model, the epidemic in both countries would be `` almost ended '' by Jan. 20, the report said. 
Success would require conducting safe funerals at which no one touches the bodies, and treating 70 percent of patients in settings that reduce the risk of transmission. 
The report said the proportion of patients now in such settings was about 18 percent in Liberia and 40 percent in Sierra Leone. 
The caseload projections are based on data from August, but Dr. Thomas R. Frieden, the C.D.C. director, said the situation appeared to have improved since then because more aid had begun to reach the region. 
`` My gut feeling is, the actions we 're taking now are going to make that worst-case scenario not come to pass, '' Dr. Frieden said in a telephone interview. 
`` But it's important to understand that it could happen. '' 
Outside experts said the modeling figures were in line with estimates by others in the field. 
`` It's a nice job, '' said Ira Longini, a professor of biostatistics at the University of Florida who has also done computer modeling of the epidemic. 
`` It summarizes the extent of the problem and what has to happen to deal with it. '' 
Bryan Lewis, an epidemiologist at the Virginia Bioinformatics Institute at Virginia Tech, agreed that the estimates were reasonable, perhaps even a bit low compared with those generated by other models. 
He said that if some of the latest data from the World Health Organization is plugged into the C.D.C. model, `` the very large numbers of estimated cases are, unfortunately, even larger. '' 
The current official case count is 5,843, including 2,803 deaths, according to the W.H.O.. 
The C.D.C. estimates omit Guinea, which has been hit hard, because the epidemic struck in waves that could not be modeled. 
The W.H.O. published its own revised estimates of the outbreak on Monday, predicting more than 20,000 cases by Nov. 2 if control does not improve. 
That figure is more conservative than the one from the C.D.C., but the W.H.O. report also noted that many cases were unreported and said that without effective help, the three most affected countries would soon be reporting thousands of cases and deaths per week. 
It said its projections were similar to those from the C.D.C.. 
The W.H.O. report also raised, for the first time, the possibility that the disease would not be stopped but could become endemic in West Africa, meaning that it could become a constant presence there. 
President Obama's promise last week to send 3,000 military personnel to Liberia and to build 17 hospitals there, each with 100 beds, was part of the solution, Dr. Frieden said. 
But it was not clear when those hospitals would be ready, or who would staff them. 
Dr. Frieden said the Defense Department had already delivered parts of a 25-bed unit that would soon be set up to treat health workers who become infected, a safety measure he said was important to help encourage health professionals to volunteer. 
He said that more aid groups were also arriving in the region to set up treatment centers, and that a `` surge '' of help would `` break the back of the epidemic. '' 
Dr. Jack Chow, a professor of global health at Carnegie Mellon University and a former W.H.O. official, said, `` The surge only becomes realized when those beds are up and operating and the workers are delivering care. '' 
He added, `` If even the medium case comes to pass, with, say, 700,000 cases by January, the epidemic will quickly overwhelm the capabilities that the U.S. plans to send. '' 
The W.H.O. reported that a new center had just opened in Monrovia, the Liberian capital, with 120 beds for treatment and 30 for triage. 
Patients were already lined up at the door. 
The report from the C.D.C. acknowledged that case counts were rising faster than hospital beds could be provided. 
It said that in the meantime, different types of treatment would be used, based in homes or community centers, with relatives and others being given protective gear to help prevent the disease from spreading. 
The United States government is also sending 400,000 kits containing gloves and disinfectant to Liberia to help families take care of patients at home. 
At least one aid group in Liberia is already shifting its focus to teaching people about home care and providing materials to help because there are not enough hospital beds for the sick. 
Ken Isaacs, a vice president of the group, Samaritan's Purse, said, `` I believe inevitably this is going to move into people's houses, and the notion of home-based care has to play a more prominent role. '' 
`` Where are they going to go? '' 
he said. 
Though providing home-care kits may seem like a pragmatic approach, some public health authorities said they were no substitute for beds in isolation or containment wards. 
But Dr. Frieden said that home care had been used to help stamp out smallpox in Africa in the 1960s. 
The caregivers were often people who had survived smallpox themselves and were immune to it. 
Some experts have suggested that Ebola survivors might also be employed to care for the sick. 
Dr. D. A. Henderson, who led the W.H.O.'s smallpox eradication program, said that local people had been paid to help in the campaign. 
`` We recruited a lot of people to stand guard at huts with smallpox, '' said Dr. Henderson, a professor at the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health and the University of Pittsburgh. 
`` The important thing was to know they got paid. '' 
He added : `` We gave money and food to families who had smallpox so they didn't have to go out and beg, and they didn't have to go to the market and potentially infect people. 
What can you do? 
If you don't have food, you 've got to leave the house and go out. 
Money can play a useful role. '' 
This page provides the terms of sale and purchase for The New York Times digital products, including digital subscriptions and one-time purchases, offered by The New York Times newspaper and NYTimes.com -LRB- `` NYTimes '' or `` we '' or `` us '' -RRB-. 
By using NYTimes.com and NYTimes products, you are agreeing to our Terms of Service. 
1. 
GENERAL TERMS OF SALE 1.1. 
Definitions 1.2. 
About Digital Products 1.3. 
Processing and Payment 1.4. 
Pricing 1.5. 
Billing 1.5.1. 
Billing of Digital Subscriptions 1.5.2. 
Billing of One-Time Purchases 1.6. 
Unpaid Charges 1.7. 
Promotions 1.8. 
Software Products 1.9. 
Third Parties 2.1. 
Cancellation and Refunds of Digital Subscriptions 2.2. 
Changing Your Subscription 2.3. 
Cancellation and Refunds of One-Time Purchases The term `` digital product '' refers to paid digital products available from NYTimes, including both NYTimes digital subscriptions and one-time purchases. 
You are not required to purchase anything for certain limited use of NYTimes.com or the NYTimes apps. 
However, if you do not purchase a subscription or product, your access to NYTimes content and services will be limited. 
You can review the various NYTimes digital subscriptions here. 
We also offer other products and services, such as crosswords, gift subscriptions, e-books and articles from our archive. 
The purchase of a gift subscription is a one-time purchase ; for more information, see the Gift Subscriptions FAQ. 
The New York Times reserves the right to modify the content, type and availability of any digital product at any time. 
Only one person may use the user name and password associated with a digital product account. 
For details about your purchases, including payment methods and billing cycles, visit the My Account area of NYTimes.com. 
The New York Times will process your purchase as promptly as possible. 
There may be a delay in the activation of your product while payment details are verified. 
We accept major credit cards and PayPal. 
We reserve the right to reject any order or purchase at any time. 
If your initial payment authorization is later revoked, your subscription, product or access will be terminated. 
Contact our Customer Care group if you believe your access was terminated in error. 
Unless specified otherwise in the Cancellation and Refund Policy, all charges are nonrefundable. 
To view or change your payment method, visit the My Account area of NYTimes.com. 
When you purchase a digital product, the price will be made clear during the order process. 
You agree to pay the price that is stated at the time of your order, as well as any applicable taxes. 
You also agree to the billing frequency stated at the time of your order. 
Discount eligibility is determined at the time of the order. 
Discounts can not be applied retroactively. 
All prices are in United States Dollars. 
The New York Times reserves the right to change prices and fees at any time. 
We will notify you in advance if the regular rate of a product changes from what was stated at the time of your order. 
You will have the opportunity to accept the new price or cancel your subscription or purchase from that point forward. 
Applicable taxes may vary. 
We are not able to notify you in advance of changes in applicable taxes. 
If a stated price is determined by us in our sole discretion to be in error, we are not under any obligation to offer you the product at that price. 
We will notify you of the error and give you the opportunity to cancel your order and obtain a refund if payment has already been made. 
Your subscription may not include access to all areas of the digital product, and you may have to pay additional fees to fully access those products. 
These additional charges will be clearly stated. 
When you use your digital product, you may incur other additional charges from third party service providers, such as telecommunications fees, data fees or service provider fees. 
You are responsible for paying any additional charges. 
If you believe someone else has used your account or you are being charged for a product you do not have, please contact our Customer Care group. 
We will charge or debit your payment method at the beginning of your subscription or, if applicable, at the end of your free trial period. 
Billing will continue according to the cycle stated at the time of your order. 
To view information about your billing cycle, visit the My Account area of NYTimes.com. 
All NYTimes digital subscriptions are renewed automatically. 
When we renew your subscription, we will use the payment method currently associated with your account. 
If you redeem a gift subscription and choose to extend your subscription at the time of redemption, your subscription will renew automatically. 
You can view your payment method at any time in the My Account area of NYTimes.com. 
You will not be notified in advance of impending renewals. 
Please see our Cancellation and Refund policy below for information about canceling. 
When you make a one-time purchase of a standalone product, including but not limited to articles from the New York Times Archives and gift subscriptions, we will charge or debit your payment method at the time of purchase. 
If your credit card expires or your payment method is otherwise invalid, your subscription or product will not automatically be terminated. 
You will remain responsible for all charges. 
You will be responsible for all costs we incur in connection with the collection of unpaid amounts, including court costs, attorneys' fees, collection agency fees and any other associated costs. 
We may occasionally offer promotions. 
The specific terms of each promotion are stated at the time the promotion is offered. 
Each promotion may be different. 
Promotions can not be combined. 
You are required to provide your payment details when you sign up for a promotion. 
At the end of the promotion, you will automatically be signed up for the related subscription or purchase that will begin at the end of the promotional period. 
We will not notify you in advance that the promotion is about to end. 
To cancel and avoid being charged, you must notify us before the promotion ends. 
If you purchase a digital subscription that includes downloadable software, your download and use of that software may be subject to additional terms or end user license agreements. 
If you have purchased your product through a third party, these Terms of Sale may not apply to you. 
We are not liable to you for any claims related to purchases made through third parties. 
Please contact the third party directly. 
You can change or cancel your digital subscription at any time by calling Customer Care at -LRB-800-RRB- 591-9233. 
For international customers, please email us at help@nytimes.com. 
Group Subscription billing cycles and terms of cancellations may differ and are governed by the terms set forth in the Group Subscription Purchase Order. 
Digital products sold as an add-on to your home delivery subscription, such as Times Premier, may have different cancellation or refund policies. 
When you cancel a subscription based on a monthly or 4-week cycle, you cancel only future charges associated with your subscription. 
You may notify us of your intent to cancel at any time, but the cancellation will become effective at the end of your current billing period. 
Cancellations are effective the following billing cycle. 
You will not receive a refund for the current billing cycle. 
You will continue to have the same access and benefits of your product for the remainder of the current billing period. 
We reserve the right to issue refunds or credits at our sole discretion. 
If we issue a refund or credit, we are under no obligation to issue the same or similar refund in the future. 
If you cancel an annual subscription within the first 11 months of your subscription year, your access and other benefits will end immediately and you will receive a refund prorated to the day. 
If you cancel in the final 30 days of your subscription year, the cancellation will not take effect until the end of your current billing period. 
Your access and privileges will continue to the end of the current billing period, and you will not receive a refund. 
We reserve the right to issue refunds or credits at our sole discretion. 
If we issue a refund or credit, we are under no obligation to issue the same or similar refund in the future. 
Changes to Content or Access We reserve the right to make changes to our digital products at any time. 
If we temporarily reduce or eliminate the charge for content or access that you are currently paying for under different terms, you will not receive a refund. 
We reserve the right to suspend or terminate your subscription or product for any reason, with or without notice and without further obligation. 
You will not be entitled to a refund in these circumstances. 
If any or all of our digital products are temporarily unavailable, you will not receive a refund. 
We reserve the right to issue refunds or credits at our sole discretion. 
If we issue a refund or credit, we are under no obligation to issue the same or similar refund in the future. 
When you change your subscription, you will receive a pro-rated credit toward your new subscription. 
One-time purchases can not be canceled or refunded. 
For more information on the cancellation terms for gift subscriptions, see the Gift Subscriptions FAQ. 
We reserve the right to issue refunds or credits at our sole discretion. 
If we issue a refund or credit, we are under no obligation to issue the same or similar refund in the future. 
Changes to Content or Access We reserve the right to make changes to our digital products at any time. 
If we temporarily reduce or eliminate the charge for content or access that you are currently paying for under different terms, you will not receive a refund. 
If any or all of our digital products are temporarily unavailable, you will not receive a refund. 
We reserve the right to issue refunds or credits at our sole discretion. 
If we issue a refund or credit, we are under no obligation to issue the same or similar refund in the future. 
All his adult life, Paul Ward heard his parents say they wanted their bodies given to a medical school after their deaths. 
`` They felt that training a new doctor would be a gift to society, '' he said. 
In 2011, his 93-year-old father, Ralph, suddenly took ill and entered hospice care. 
So Mr. Ward's wife, Maureen Arrigo, undertook to arrange a donation. 
Giving a body to science proved more difficult than expected, however. 
Ms. Arrigo first called the University of Southern California. 
No go. 
`` You had to be within either an hour's drive or a certain number of miles, '' she recalled. 
The nursing home where Ralph Ward was dying was too far away. 
Next, Ms. Arrigo tried nearby Loma Linda University School of Medicine. 
It required a form signed by the donor himself, not a family member, even one with power of attorney. 
Her father-in-law, by that point, `` was well beyond being able to sign anything, '' she said. 
Loma Linda advised, however, that other schools would accept donations by family members. 
`` It would make my mother-in-law very sad not to be able to do this last thing for him, '' Ms. Arrigo said. 
`` I was frantic to make it happen. '' 
Her third call, to Western University of Health Sciences in Pomona, Calif., which trains many kinds of health care professionals, brought success. 
The university emailed a simple document, collected Ralph Ward's body after he died and asked whether his widow wanted the cremains returned to her or scattered at sea. 
She chose the latter option. 
And her son made sure that she signed her own gift document, so that the university can receive her body when she dies. 
Though many of the nation's 170 medical schools have begun to supplement their anatomy labs with digital instruction, `` all still use cadavers for some aspect of their medical education, '' said Richard Drake, director of anatomy at the Cleveland Clinic Lerner College of Medicine and a board member of the American Association of Anatomists. 
`` It's still one of the best ways to learn anatomy. '' 
Programs that train dentists, physical therapists and nurse-practitioners use cadavers, too ; so do researchers developing new surgical techniques and other experimental procedures. 
But while the need continues -- particularly in places with lots of medical schools and research facilities, like New York City -- donating a body can take both planning and documentation. 
Under the Uniform Anatomical Gift Act -- its most recent version, introduced in 2006, has been adopted by 48 states -- any individual can sign a `` document of gift '' donating his organs and tissue, or his full body, for transplantation, therapy or for research or education. 
Organ donation draws far more attention, partly because we have all heard and read about transplants' lifesaving potential, but perhaps also because federal law requires hospitals to refer families and patients to an organ procurement organization. 
You 're less likely, if a relative is near death or has just died, to hear anything about donating his or her body. 
`` Nobody's there making a pitch, '' said Sheldon Kurtz, who teaches health law at the University of Iowa College of Law and was the principal drafter of the 2006 act. 
The law says that if the donor didn't arrange during his lifetime to donate his body, family members can do so on his behalf unless he signed a form refusing donation. 
Family members can do so even without holding power of attorney. 
`` A spouse, children, parents or grandparents -- it's an inclusive list, '' Mr. Kurtz said. 
Here's the rub : While organs for transplantation go through a national allocation system, body donations usually must be arranged through specific schools, and they have considerable latitude to set their own policies. 
`` As with any gift, the recipient has to agree, '' Mr. Kurtz said. 
`` They tend to be a little picky. '' 
For example, as the Ward/Arrigo family discovered, `` some schools will not consider a next-of-kin donation, '' Dr. Drake said -- even though the act allows it. 
`` You have to register yourself. '' 
Many don't want to collect bodies from distances greater than 70 to 100 miles. 
His program at the Cleveland Clinic also sets a size limit : a body mass index of 40. 
`` A large, obese body unfortunately is not the best educational material for students learning anatomy, '' Dr. Drake said. 
`` Some schools are stricter. '' 
Nor will schools or research facilities accept bodies of people with infectious diseases like hepatitis, H.I.V., MRSA or C. difficile. 
Most won't accept an autopsied body, either. 
A few states -- Indiana, Florida, Maryland and Illinois among them -- make things a bit simpler with state anatomical boards that distribute bodies to schools where they are needed. 
But the best way to avoid make a grieving family scramble for a school willing to accept a donated body is for the donor to make arrangements ahead of time. 
It's a fairly straightforward matter, with minimal paperwork, when she does. 
`` Make sure your whole family knows about this, '' Dr. Drake said. 
The family has to notify his school that the donor has died, `` otherwise I might never know. '' 
What happens to bodies after students or researchers are finished with them? 
They 're cremated, and the ashes can be returned to families or buried in a cemetery, sometimes on the school campus. 
`` Most medical schools have some sort of memorial service to honor those individuals, '' with family members often invited, said Carol Aschenbrener, chief medical education officer for the Association of American Medical Colleges. 
`` The memorial circles back from the notion of the body to the notion of the person who made the decision to donate, '' she said. 
`` It's a way of saying thank you. '' 
The Chelsea Hotel community mourns the passing of one of its guiding lights, the poet, painter, art critic, and Warhol Superstar Rene Ricard, who died this past Saturday, Feb. 1. 
The cause of death was cancer. 
Rene, who will always be remembered for his quick wit, sparkling intellect, and generosity, passed away at the hospital surrounded by some of his many close friends. 
Rene, who had lived at the Chelsea Hotel continuously since the early 90s and sporadically before that, was 68. 
Rene was probably the most famous remaining member of the -LRB- now seriously depleted -RRB- Chelsea Hotel community. 
And no account of the history of the Chelsea Hotel, or of its famous creative energy, is complete without him. 
In fact, in these dark times when the city, including the Chelsea Hotel, is being carved up by developers, those of us fighting against gentrification, would do well to remember Rene as the very embodiment of the New York artistic bohemia that we seek to preserve. 
Rene was one of the last of a dying breed, someone for whom money was secondary, and who survived in the city by his wits and the force of his personality and his larger-than-life talent and artistic vision. 
Poet, artist, actor, dancer, critic, jack-of-all-trades and all-around wild man, Rene Ricard was born in 1946 and grew up in New Bedford, Massachusetts. 
He ran away to Boston at age sixteen, where he supported himself by working as an artist's model, and by eighteen he was in New York City, becoming involved with Andy Warhol's Factory scene. 
Warhol soon cast Rene in a movie,, in which he spends most of his time with his back to the camera, washing dishes, while Edie Sedgwick sneezes and runs a malted machine to cover up the fact that she's forgotten her lines. 
Rene had a better role in 1965's, in which he stars in the `` Boys in Bed '' episode, rolling around in his underwear with two other boys in a room at the Chelsea Hotel. 
In his -LRB- and Edie's -RRB- last film for Warhol,, Rene embarks on a speed-fueled diatribe, rattling off every nasty thing he can think of to say about Andy. 
This is the kind of part Rene was born for, and surely it must have been his finest role, but sadly the film has been lost. 
An art critic in the eighties, in 1981 Rene published `` The Radiant Child, '' the first major article about Jean Michel Basquiat, in. 
Rene has published three books of his poetry : -LRB- 1979 -RRB-, -LRB- 1989 -RRB-, and -LRB- 1990 -RRB-, and was portrayed by the actor Michael Wincott in Julian Schnabel's 1996 film. 
Rene brought out a book of his art in a limited edition in 2003. 
The King of the Chelsea Eccentrics, Rene gives one the sense of a being not of this world. 
He flits around the hotel, ethereal-like, on a cloud of his own creation. 
Tall and gaunt with a wispy goatee, a porkpie hat atop his head, he's a bundle of nervous energy, unable to sit still. 
Rene is quite learned and knowledgeable about art and culture and many other subjects besides. 
When he speaks he's agitated, restless, wringing his hands, almost frantic sometimes -- though often he positively bubbles with good humor. 
His speech can best be described as a sort of off-the-cuff intellectual rant. 
Though what he says is never uninteresting, and you 'll always want to hear more, he speaks quickly and is gone. 
Blink and you might miss him. 
If you 're lucky enough to run into Rene on the elevator, he will sometimes share a poem, often an obscene or ribald one. 
He's often seen with a cigarette dangling from his mouth, and the mind immediately turns to thoughts of fire. 
-LRB- Source : DaCapo 2007 ; Photo : -RRB- The fire, of course, was in Rene's fevered and intensely creative imagination. 
Like all of us at the Chelsea Hotel, since the ouster of the Bard Family in June 2007, Rene had been engaged in the struggle to save his home and his way of life. 
And though he managed, for the most part, to keep himself above the fray, the stress -- construction noise, poisonous dust, denial of services, and disrespect -- and the uncertainty connected with the constant threat of eviction, no doubt took their toll on him as well. 
But Rene was not one to succumb to despair. 
At the time of his death Rene was experiencing a rebirth in the interest of his paintings, fueled by a successful Vito Schnable -- curated show of his work. 
Rene's close friend Rita Barros says, `` Rene died on his own terms and surrounded by his close friends. 
We will all miss him dearly. 
New York will never be the same without him. '' 
Whatever happens to Rene's earthly shell, and to the shell of this old Hotel, Rene's creative fire, and the spirit of the Chelsea Hotel that he embodied will live on. 
A simple gathering with a blessing to send Rene off in peace, will be held this Thursday, February 6, 2014, from 10:30 am -- 12:30 pm at Greenwich Village Funeral Home, 199 Bleecker Street, NY NY 10012 
Subscribe to an RSS feed on this topic. 
What is RSS? 
Subscribe to an RSS feed on this topic. 
What is RSS? 
The conversation took place two years ago, but Dr. Daniel Matlock still recalls it quite vividly. 
You tend to remember when a physician colleague essentially brands you a Nazi. 
Dr. Matlock, a geriatrician who specializes in palliative care, had been called in to consult when a woman in her 70s arrived at the University of Colorado Hospital, unresponsive after a major stroke. 
She'd done what we 're forever chiding people for not doing : She'd drafted a very specific advance directive and had even taken the trouble to have it notarized. 
It unambiguously said : no life support, no artificial nutrition or hydration, no nursing home. 
The ambulance crew had put her on a ventilator -- standard procedure. 
After the palliative team removed it, she was able to breathe on her own, which isn't uncommon. 
She even opened her eyes, though she couldn't track or follow objects and remained unresponsive. 
That's when the prominent surgeon directing her care ordered intravenous fluids. 
Dr. Matlock, alarmed at this direct contradiction of her preferences, tells the rest of the story in a post on the GeriPal blog, published by geriatricians and palliative care docs at the University of California, San Francisco. 
After talking with the patient's sister, who held her medical power of attorney, he called the surgeon to suggest stopping the IV. 
`` You would have been hung in World War II for doing what you are doing now, '' the surgeon said. 
Let's pause to think about that for a moment. 
Within a few days, the woman was transferred to a hospice unit, where the IV was removed and she was permitted to die. 
But Dr. Matlock's anger at his colleague and his sorrow at the woman's treatment, or mistreatment, have persisted. 
`` You work so hard to do what's right for the patient, '' he told me. 
And he was sure he was right. 
Administering fluids to a dying patient increases the person's secretions and makes breathing more difficult, palliative care doctors are taught. 
`` Dehydration is a gentler death, with less agitation, '' he said. 
But quite apart from that, the woman had done everything but stencil `` no IV '' across her forehead. 
A palliative care consultant, however, couldn't overrule the surgical team whose patient she was. 
`` I went home that night feeling really bad, '' Dr. Matlock said. 
What prompted his account of this unpleasant exchange, all these months later, was a startling study recently published in The Journal of Palliative Medicine. 
After surveying nearly 700 physician-members of a national hospice and palliative medicine organization, the authors report that more than half had had at least one experience in the past five years of another physician or health care professional referring to their treatments as `` euthanasia, '' `` killing '' or `` murder. '' 
This, despite palliative practices being broadly accepted as legal and ethical, as reducing suffering while honoring patients' autonomy. 
About a quarter of the respondents had heard similar accusations from a personal friend or family member, the study found. 
And 25 doctors -LRB- 4 percent of the respondents -RRB- had been formally investigated on the question of whether they had hastened a patient's death. 
`` It was cathartic for me '' to read the study, Dr. Matlock said. 
`` It was helpful to know I wasn't alone. '' 
But it's not exactly reassuring news for the rest of us. 
We 've had frequent discussions here of end-of-life care and why the `` good death '' so many people want proves so elusive. 
We can, with ample reason, blame physicians who don't want to talk or think about dying. 
-LRB- A favorite joke among hospice workers, who tend toward a dark sense of humor : Why are coffins nailed shut? 
To keep oncologists from administering more chemotherapy. -RRB- 
And physicians have often responded with their own stories of family members who won't accept that further treatment is futile and urge another operation, another drug, another something. 
But here's another part of the dynamic, apparently : Even when the system works as it's supposed to, and palliative care specialists arrive like the cavalry to provide comfort care, to stop fruitless and painful interventions and to support what patients want, their own colleagues may brand them murderers. 
It takes strong doctors to stand up to that kind of verbal abuse, to explain that courts and ethics committees have approved care that's intended to reduce suffering, to point out that the patient's own wishes are paramount. 
Perhaps they have to be stronger than we know. 
`` The culture is changing, '' Dr. Matlock told me. 
`` But it's not changed yet. '' 
What is being called one of the biggest corruption trials in Hong Kong's history turned up an unexpected element when the city's former No. 2 official said he received a secret payment of 11 million Hong Kong dollars, or $ 1.42 million, from Beijing, the local news media reported. 
Rafael Hui Si-yan, Hong Kong's former chief secretary, testified Tuesday that he received the money in late 2007 from a friend who said it was from `` someone from Beijing '' but refused to identify the donor, according to The South China Morning Post. 
The disclosure raises the issue of relations between Hong Kong and Chinese leaders in the former British colony, which returned to Chinese rule in 1997 but has retained some autonomy, at a time when democracy advocates in Hong Kong are increasingly critical of Beijing's political influence. 
Read more ... 
undefined
Subscribe to an RSS feed on this topic. 
What is RSS? 
Though I never lived at the Chelsea Hotel myself, I used to babysit for a young couple who lived there back in the early nineties.They were not artists. 
The man was an engineer and the woman owned a small business and I'm not sure why they chose the Chelsea.Perhaps because they liked to enjoy a hedonistic lifestyle -LRB- they had an active social life -RRB- or maybe they wanted to be thought of as artistic or daring.Or maybe just because it was cheap.That's the only thing I can think of.I was a teenager at the time, and since they were gone all the time I babysat for them nearly every day one summer, and they went out a lot at night too. 
Their little boy was six or seven years old.They were very protective of the child, and tried to keep him away from the dubious characters that roamed the halls of the Chelsea, and they were always complaining to Stanley about somebody doing something immoral.In fact, that's probably why they hired me, because I came from outside the hotel. 
Now, what I'm going to say is the God's honest truth, though the couple won't admit it and they called me a liar to my face, but one night they had gone out to a cocktail party and they came home really late with another couple and they were all talking and joking around out in the stairwell.I wanted to leave and I was waiting to get paid. 
The cocktail party was in the hotel I think, or at least there was some sort of party on one of the lower floors.All I know is it was really loud.They lived on the tenth floor. 
The boy, for obvious reasons I don't want to say his name, came out in his pajamas.When we noticed him we all said, what are you doing out here, go back to bed, but he wouldn't. 
Instead he went to the railing of the stairs and looked up at the skylight.He just kept looking up and finally he said, `` Mommy, who is that man up there? '' 
His parents just laughed and said, `` Oh, what are you talking about? '' 
But instead of dropping it, the boy became increasingly excited, pointing and screaming : `` Mommy, why is that man up there ?! 
''`` There's nobody up there honey, '' his mother said. 
`` That man!That gray man up there! 
''`` There's nobody up there, '' his father said sternly. 
`` Get back to bed. '' 
Then the boy got quiet.He kept staring at the skylight, but he was quiet.I probably should have taken him to bed, but it was late and I really wanted to get paid and go home. 
`` He's just tired, '' the parents said to their friends, who said their goodbyes and got on the elevator and went down.But while we were distracted watching them leave the boy had somehow managed to climb up on the railing and stand there, I don't know how he did it, balanced on the top rail. 
Luckily, they saw him. 
`` Oh my God! '' 
they said. 
`` What are you doing ?! '' 
the mother said, and the father grabbed him back down from there before he could jump or fall.The boy started shaking and shivering all over as they both held him, almost having an epileptic fit, and he peed in his pants.The parents were drunk and had been smoking pot I think, but that really sobered them up quick.I didn't even get my money that night but I guess after that I forgot about it and really just wanted to get the hell out of there as fast as possible. 
Like I said, they say I'm a liar about this.But what they can't deny is that their son changed after this incident.I can't prove anything but I personally think he was possessed by some kind of spirit that night.He was a really sweet kid before but after that he was either like a zombie or else he would go into a violent rage.They told me to keep sharp objects locked up and not to let him out of my sight and not to go anywhere.They were keeping him locked in his room at night because he would try to sneak out and one time he turned on all the burners on the gas stove and almost killed them all.When you took him out him out you had to hold onto him because he would go for the railing, not rushing for it but like pulled to it in a trance.And he was strong too.A couple of times he got away from me and tried to climb up onto the railing, whether to jump or what I don't know, but I was able to pull him back down and get him into the elevator thank God.I don't know if he was trying to get to the man or to throw himself over but it was clear that if he kept doing it he would fall eventually.Darkness was bad, but an overcast day was the worst.He tore his room all up when he went into his violent rages and he graffitied all over the walls in crayons in gibberish or an unknown language. 
After a few days of this I wanted to quit but the parents begged me to stay and said they couldn't get anyone else.These days they would probably say the child had ADD, and they got a doctor and medicated the child and it kept him quiet but he still couldn't be left alone or he would go out into the hallway and head for the railing.I lasted about two weeks, it was not worth the money even though they agreed to pay me double. 
Now I 've done some research on this issue since then and this type of possession is never straightforward. 
-LRB- Though I was a babysitter then I went on to get a college education and studied psychology and parapsychology. -RRB- 
The boy was smart and he knew what was happening to him in a way though understandably he would often become confused and I think this was the source of his violent rages.Sometimes he thought that adults were trying to lead him to the railing or even to throw him over.He would scream and run away and hide in his room.I guess in these instances he was not possessed and maybe he even thought the adults were the Gray Man.When he was like this then you couldn't get him out the door for anything. 
I mention this because of what happened next.I was trying to take him out to the dentist one day.His parents were stupid for making me do this but they insisted because they wanted to pretend that nothing was wrong.I knew better by this time and I kept a tight grip on the boy and kept my body between him and the railing as I steered him toward the elevator.This time though he didn't go into a trance like usual and try to make it to the railing.Instead as soon as we got near the railing he started screaming hysterically and struggling against me.I held on and told him to shut up as I pushed the elevator button.But he bit my hand and got free and ran back to the room and started struggling to open the door, turning the handle and pulling andpushing against it.Of course it was locked but he started screaming at me and cursing me, calling me a fucking bitch and every other name in the book, telling me to open the door and let him in or he'd kill me.Alright that's it, we 're not going anywhere I thought, and I got the key out of my pocket and opened the door.He burst in and before I could get in he grabbed the door and slammed it on me.I got my body in the way and stuck my foot in the door so he couldn't close it all the way but he was freakishly strong and I couldn't push it open.He got the chain on somehow and he ran back into the apartment.I couldn't just leave him in there because who knows what he was going to do so I tried to stick my hand in and get the chain off.When he saw that he ran at the door but I had my foot init and though it hurt like hell he couldn't close the door.Where he got the scissors I 'll never know, but the next thing I know he stabs me in the hand!I screamed and pulled my hand out and my foot too, and he slammed the door and threw the dead bolt. 
So then I was standing there bleeding and I didn't know what to do.I was bleeding profusely and I couldn't even leave to go to the hospital because what if the kid got out and killed himself?Or killed himself in there?I tried calling for him in my confusion, begging him to open the door but of course that did no good.Finally I banged on all the neighbors doors and finally somebody opened up and gave me a rag to wrap my hand in.I told the lady to call the mother at work and she came home and tried to act like it was no big deal and I was the one who was crazy and caused the problem in the first place.I don't think anybody believed her, but still!I was the one who was trying to help!I had to get five stitches in my hand at the hospital. 
There was no way I was going back after that, and I told them they should get the child institutionalized.They didn't appreciate that one bit but there wasn't much they could say after the kid had just stabbed me.The man paid me, overpaid me by several times, trying to pay me off I guess, to buy my silence and it's true I didn't say anything to anybody for nearly a year after that and by that time they had already left the Chelsea.And New York, I think.The reason I didn't say anything was not the money but because they made me feel like I was crazy for even mentioning it.I was just seventeen, remember. 
They got another babysitter, a girl in her twenties who I knew from school, and the kid drove her crazy.She started taking drugs, maybe she had been taking them before, and eventually she had to get psychiatric help.I think she may have even spent some time in a mental hospital.The couple tried to blame her for their child's condition, saying she was a junkie, but she had nothing to do with it since like I said the child was like that before.I feel more sorry for her than for anybody to tell you the truth.Except for maybe the child.He was supposed to start school in the fall, but they held him back and I doubt he was ever normal again. 
Since then I 've often thought of the Gray Man, wondered who he was, perhaps the ghost of someone who committed suicide by throwing himself down the stairwell.Or maybe a more elemental spirit, a sort of evil pied piper of children.When I asked the boy one time who the Gray Man was, he said he was smoke.I don't know whether this makes any sense or not, but this was when the boy was in a good, or rational state of mind.The parents and their child disappeared into middle America and obscurity, trying to put as much distance between themselves and the Chelsea as possible.The boy would be in his early twenties now which is typically when a dormant mental illness manifests.I assume they 've had him on medication all this time, but now that he's an adult what if he decides to stop taking it as often happens?There was a powerful attraction working on him, that I know, pulling him toward that railing and that skylight.And so I have to ask, is this paranormal force still drawing him to the Chelsea?Will he return to the scene of his childhood and his lost innocence?And what form will his madness take in adulthood?It seems only time will tell. 
Wow, this place is even scarier than I thought.Junkies and schizophrenics are one thing, but elemental spirits are more than I can handle.Almost makes me want to live in the suburbs!And this woman seems pretty authoritative too ; after all, she's studied parapsychology.Keep your doors locked tonight! 
-LRB- Ed Hamilton -RRB- 
Just before Sept. 11, 2001, my teenage brother Mike, fresh from Air Force training, pressed something small into my palm : two pin-backings stubbed on a curled shape in dusky silver. 
Jump wings. 
`` If you keep them safe, I 'll always be safe, '' he said. 
My brothers and I had always tried to protect each other. 
Chris, the younger, was calm, but Mike was rambunctious. 
When I was 4 and they were toddlers, I would sneak into their room past midnight to ensure they still occupied their dual cribs. 
I would poke a finger through the crib slats, slide up their eyelids, and check their breathing as they slept. 
Safe in their company, I would curl up on the floor for a minute, then pad back to my pink-swathed bed. 
But by elementary school, our parents had divorced, and anger ran through our thin walls. 
When I was 14, our stepfather and Mike, 12, got in a fight over pajamas. 
Too cowardly to burst in, I stayed in bed and turned up my Walkman. 
Mike sobbed himself to sleep with a nosebleed that soaked his mattress. 
He had misbehaved, but my crime felt worse -- I had let him thrash alone. 
As the years passed, conflicts with our stepfather prompted police cruiser lights on our street. 
When I finished high school, Mike's card to me read, `` ... Stay another year? 
Please? '' 
I should have ensured my brothers grew up strong. 
Instead I fled. 
At 18, I paid for college with a Marine Corps R.O.T.C. scholarship ; the military's rules seemed enlightened next to the ones back home. 
Mike later barreled into the same Boston unit as an Air Force cadet. 
He tagged along on field exercises with us upperclassmen, easily completing grueling hikes and rappelling down university buildings. 
My senior year, the Twin Towers fell, and I knew at some point I would deploy. 
The following June, Mike and Chris pinned gold lieutenant bars on my shoulders. 
Two years later, on an Iraqi base, I nervously strapped myself into an androgynous Kevlar jacket. 
Tromping around our gravel-strewn compound, I doled out candy and phone cards while waiting for mortars to fall. 
We plodded through our days, trusting in grace that wherever we stepped was safe. 
Late at night, when the desert heat lifted, I taught my Marines martial arts. 
As we punched foam mats and dragged each other through the sand, I wondered how my fist would feel against my stepfather's face, how much pressure my forearm required to choke his carotid artery. 
But I could not predict the techniques my sparring partners threw ; I could only try to counter them. 
And my rage did not help me lead. 
Read more ... 
Try the Times Digital Experience for just 99 cents. 
Including NYT Now, NYT Opinion and even more subscriber exclusives. 
The night after we ran into you in the hall, Joan came running in after using the computer downstairs with tears in her eyes. 
I'd never seen her look so frightened! 
I'm the coward not her. 
She said there was a silhouette of a man in the reflection of the door as she waited for the elevator. 
She looked away and when she looked back it was still there. 
Then in the morning we got a silent phone call. 
But that could of been anything or anyone. 
Just wondering if those sort of things have happened to you or anyone else you knew? 
Be safe in your haunted abode! 
`` Let us dare to read, think, speak and write. '' 
- John Adams, 1765 
The renowned decorator Stephen Sills has remained in the same very small apartment that burnished his reputation more than two decades ago, when he was just starting out. 
Its recent renovation reveals he has spent that time perfecting his craft. 
I remember the first time I laid eyes on it in an interior design magazine in 1991. 
The Proustian velvet ottoman, the twin globes atop painted neoclassical cabinets -LRB- paired together on one side of the fireplace, not flanking it -RRB- ; the startlingly oversize Louis XV chenets, the cornice with exaggerated Grecian flutes ... It was a game-changer -- the apartment that launched a career and inspired the careers of countless others. 
`` I remember seeing Sills's apartment when I was still at home in Atlanta, '' the decorator Miles Redd recalls. 
`` I tore it out and held onto it for years. '' 
Read more ... 
During this eight-day itinerary discover the facts behind the thirty-year conflict that took a hold of Northern Ireland in 1968. 
Why Travel with The New York Times Travel Smarter. 
Gain Understanding. 
Return Inspired. 
Our journeys are selected with New York Times audiences and like-minded travelers in mind, to satisfy their intellectual curiosity and high standards. 
With curated content from The Times providing history and context for the destinations, these journeys are uniquely designed to appeal to the most exacting travelers. 
Journey 2,500 years back in time to discover the ancient secrets of Persia on this 13-day itinerary incorporating some of most well preserved archaeological sites in the world. 
Welcome to the once-forbidden land of Iran. 
On the Trail of the Mighty Maya The Great War : What Was Won and What Was Lost Patagonia : The Last Place on Earth The Two Sides of Southern Africa Explore the world's most fascinating wildlife destination while cruising in air-conditioned comfort aboard the Galaxy, a 16-passenger motor yacht. 
From the crystal waters of the fjords of Milford Sound to the Southern Alps forming its spine, the South Island of New Zealand is known for its beauty, tranquillity and adventure. 
Whether it's hiking on an ancient glacier or seeing the wilderness areas on a jetboat or sampling world-class wines, this small island has it all. 
The Great War : What Was Won and What Was Lost Travel to many of the most important sites of the War to End Wars during its centennial, from Flanders Fields to Paris. 
Trace the battles of the Somme and the Marne, and explore Verdun, Ypres, Reims, Château-Thierry, Belleau Wood, the Argonne Forest and Saint-Mihiel before ending your Great War journey in Paris. 
The word `` Provence '' evokes images of rolling hills and mountains, vineyards and farms, the scent of lavender and idyllic French country villages. 
Experience all that and more while walking off the beaten track, in the steps of Van Gogh and countless wanderers, for a unique view of this timeless land. 
For over 60 years the charming seaside town of Wexford on Ireland's southeast coast has played host to serious opera lovers each fall when the curtain rises for the celebrated Wexford Opera Festival, known for high-quality productions of lesser-known operas and as a launching pad for new performers. 
The festival features three major productions and a fabulous program of lunchtime concerts, afternoon ShortWorks, and scores of recitals held in venues throughout Wexford from morning through evening. 
Our weeklong program in Ireland features three operas and time to enjoy additional performances and the hospitality of delightful Wexford. 
Visit Ireland's most beloved house and garden, the elegant Powerscourt Estate in County Wicklow, and take in the highlights of Kilkenny, considered the best preserved of the medieval Irish cities. 
We conclude with two days exploring lively Dublin's memorable sights and attend a musical performance at the National Concert Hall. 
The Festival program will be announced in fall, 2014 Call us on 855-NYT-7979 or inquire online to receive more details as they become available. 
The Williams Companies said today that it would sell most of the assets of the Transco Coal Company to the James River Coal Company of Richmond for $ 88 million in cash and preferred stock. 
A breakdown of the purchase price was not immediately ... 
It has taken physicians a very long time to accept the need to level with patients and their families when they have terminal illnesses and death is near -- and we know that many times those kinds of honest, exploratory conversations still don't take place. 
Now Dr. Smith, a palliative care specialist at the University of California, San Francisco, who also practices at the San Francisco Veterans Affairs Medical Center, and two co-authors are urging another change, one they acknowledge would `` radically alter '' the way health care professionals communicate with their very old patients. 
In a recent article in The New England Journal of Medicine, they suggested offering to discuss `` overall prognosis, '' doctorspeak for probable life expectancy and the likelihood of death, with patients who don't have terminal illnesses. 
The researchers favor broaching the subject with anyone who has a life expectancy of less than 10 years or has reached age 85. 
`` Advanced age itself is the greatest predictor of poor prognosis, '' Dr. Smith told me in an interview. 
By age 85, the article points out, the average remaining life expectancy for Americans is six years. 
An 85-year-old has a 75 percent chance of living another three years, but only a one in four chance of surviving for 10. 
Which category a particular old person falls into has much to do with the medical problems he or she has, or doesn't have, and with his or her ability to function. 
When the odds are that they have only a few remaining years, should doctors discuss that with them? 
Dr. Smith and his co-authors, Dr. Brie Williams and Dr. Bernard Lo -- a geriatrician and an internist, respectively -- vote yes. 
`` This is about empowering patients to make informed choices and encouraging individual decision-making, '' he said. 
Sadly, it takes guts to propose this when mention of the D word to patients still raises alarms. 
The Obama administration had to cancel plans for Medicare to reimburse doctors when they discuss end-of-life care with their patients. 
Death panels! 
Rationing! 
But to Dr. Smith, understanding how much time remains could help his older patients make the most of those years and help them ward off interventions, tests and treatments whose benefits, if any, are years away but whose harms could be immediate. 
A `` substantial minority '' of older patients won't want to have this discussion, Dr. Smith acknowledged. 
`` It's important to offer the information, not force it on people, '' he said. 
But in his experience, it's the protective family caregivers who object to talking about prognosis, more than their older relatives. 
`` A lot of very elderly patients realize they 're in their final years, '' he said. 
`` This doesn't come as a surprise to them. 
My friends in their 90s are already thinking about it. '' 
He cited a study he and colleagues published in The Journal of General Internal Medicine, based on interviews with 60 older people with disabilities, their average age 78 -- an admittedly small but ethnically diverse sample. 
About two-thirds told researchers they'd want their doctors to tell them if they had less than five years to live. 
-LRB- Readers here had even stronger opinions : see this post about public access to longevity indexes. -RRB- 
And when they do think about it, Dr. Smith continued, `` they want to get their finances in order, plan for long-term care, spend time with children and friends. '' 
They may be able to take fewer medications and undergo fewer procedures, with the emphasis on quality of life, or otherwise shift priorities. 
`` This is a challenge to people, '' Dr. Smith acknowledged. 
`` I 've had reactions from ` This is terrific ; I 've been arguing for this for years,' to a mentor at U.C.S.F. who said, ` This is ridiculous ; my patients don't want to hear this, and there is no way to predict life expectancy anyway. 
''' But while it's true that no one can foretell a particular individual's death with any certainty -- and health care workers should be clear about those limitations, Dr. Smith emphasized -- a number of geriatric calculators do provide reasonably good projections, based on several health factors, age, cognitive status and functional abilities and sometimes laboratory test results. 
An index developed by Dr. Smith's U.C.S.F. colleague Sei Lee, for example, can correctly predict mortality within four years about 75 percent of the time. 
Still, it's O.K. with Dr. Smith if professionals and patients have strong reactions, pro and con. 
`` The point of the article is to get a national conversation started about this, '' he said. 
It's a conversation you 're invited to join in the comments section below. 
The road for the island community of Broad Channel, weathering as it has -- a history of high tide flooding and the devastation of Hurricane Sandy -- has not been an easy one, but at last, it will be paved. 
More ... 
If you have a question or problem, visit our Help pages. 
Would you like to update product info or give feedback on images? 
If you are a seller for this product and want to change product data, click here -LRB- you may have to sign in with your seller id -RRB-. 
Subscribe to an RSS feed on this topic. 
What is RSS? 
undefined
Products & ServicesInside Track -LRB- Premium -RRB- Features - What you getAdvertisers and Sponsors Great for starters. 
You 'll get the real-time scoop from commuters on your line -LRB- via e-mail -RRB-. 
Day-to-day commuters should check out our premium service, The Inside Track. 
You receive the benefit of our patent-pending technology, years of experience, a vast historical database, and real-time integration with the transit providers. 
The Inside Track is a portfolio of over 30 value-added features which runs on all devices ... and will transform your commute. 
Clever Commute Professional -LRB- CCP -RRB- helps news/media organizations, transit providers, and companies of all kind. 
We deliver the commuter alerts as a standard datafeed ... along with other advisories and value-added services. 
This helps you help your audience, your commuters and your employees. 
`` Let us dare to read, think, speak and write. '' 
- John Adams, 1765 
`` Let us dare to read, think, speak and write. '' 
- John Adams, 1765 
Enemies Beyond the Ends of the Earth Destiny : A scene from this new science-fiction shooter from Activision. 
The company expects this interplanetary game to become a billion-dollar franchise. 
Destiny, a science-fiction game from Activision and Bungie, is new but already on pace to become a billion-dollar success. 
The new season comes with an array of promising video games, including Destiny -LRB- Paul McCartney! 
Peter Dinklage! -RRB- 
and Fantasia : Music Evolved -LRB- Mozart! 
Lady Gaga! -RRB- 
. 
First-person shooters, from retro to sophisticated. 
Also, Foursquare's Swarm app comes to Windows Phone. 
Saluting the Women Behind the Screen Conceiving a museum exhibition devoted to women in the video game industry, which hasn't always welcomed them. 
Reviews : Kim Kardashian : Hollywood, Metrico, Hohokum and Road Not Taken Reviews of Kim Kardashian : Hollywood, a satire on celebrity culture ; Metrico, a puzzle game for Sony's Vita mobile console ; and other releases. 
Many video game developers let players try out games while they are being created, then incorporate their feedback to fine-tune projects in the making. 
Reviews of the Japanese game Tomodachi Life, the retro-modern Shovel Knight and other new releases. 
Now available for iPhone and iPad, the mobile game Ingress sends players outdoors to places of interest to claim for one side or another. 
Like Jean-Jacques Rousseau set to a hip-hop beat, Craig Grant offers his confessions in `` A Sucker Emcee, '' produced by the Labyrinth Theater Company. 
While a D.J. -LRB- Rich Medina -RRB- bops between two turntables, scratching and spinning, Mr. Grant tells the story of his life in rhymed couplets. 
Mr. Grant, also known as muMs, has a blocky face with a mobile mouth and gleaming teeth. 
He speaks in a gentle growl with just a trace of a native Bronx drawl, though he can send his voice swooping up and down the social register. 
Dressed in Nikes and a T-shirt proclaiming `` The Truth, '' he spends most of the show near the front of the bare stage, lips pressed close to a microphone. 
Though he 'll occasionally speak as his mother, his father, a friend or a teacher, he spends most of the piece as simply himself, narrating youthful screw-ups with fondness and exasperation. 
In some ways his story is standard bullet-point autobiography. 
He begins with his volatile Bronx childhood, darts through some dissolute college years, chronicles his subsequent ups and down as a rapper and actor -LRB- best known for his role in the HBO prison drama `` Oz '' -RRB- and finally returns, with hard-won maturity and grace, to the borough of his birth. 
So far, so familiar. 
But what adds urgency and fierce pleasure to the monologue, directed by Jenny Koons, is his debt to music. 
D.J.'s, it seems, saved Mr. Grant's life. 
`` Before hip-hop, I couldn't speak, '' Mr. Grant recalls. 
The music gave him a voice, a place, a future, helping him to `` turn all that hate into a dance and a chant. '' 
Mr. Medina provides backing beats to Mr. Grant's chants and sometimes helps him pay more direct homage to the heroes of his youth -- KRS-One, Rakim, the Sugarhill Gang. 
Even when the show threatens to turn into some sort of lecture demonstration, it's still pretty good fun, with Mr. Medina illustrating each style and technique while Mr. Grant narrates and occasionally threatens some B-boy moves. 
Even when the story ends with Mr. Grant's returning to the Bronx and caring compassionately for his aging mother, the beat and the applause don't stop. 
Subscribe to an RSS feed on this topic. 
What is RSS? 
Excitement definitely in the air in downtown Brooklyn as we approach the holiday weekend. 
As the weekend before the big week unfolds, with, of course, the virtually back-to-back holiday celebration of the birthday of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and the inauguration of the 44th Preident of the United States, Barack Hussein Obama, there is palpable excitement and energy in the winter air. 
The opening of Notorious, which despite the cold, has lines outside the Regal Cinema on Court Street, just adds to the energy and excitement. 
When we lived in Clinton Hill/Fort Greene in the 90s, it was a few blocks away from the late Biggie Smalls/Notorious B.I.G. / Christopher Wallace's home on St. James Place. 
Our older daughter, now still studying in Europe, is pining for the fjords that she has to miss the premier of the film. 
As one of her teacher's said years ago, when another kid was trying to `` explain '' to our daughter some hip hop reference, `` You don't have to explain that to her, Danielle grew up in the ` hood. '' 
Sort of. 
Not exactly. 
But, so it goes. 
The late Christopher Wallace had brains, talent, and charisma to spare. 
Before he broke through, he survived the streets, drugs, and Brooklyn. 
He had a strong mom behind him. 
But I guess he couldn't survive his fame. 
The killing of Tupac Shakur was big news. 
But you could sense the murder of Christopher Wallace hit Brooklyn kids really hard with a heavy punch. 
If Barack Obama represents one story of remarkable success for Black Americans, the path taken by the late Christopher Wallace surely represented another. 
Rap, hip hop, or whatever you want to call contemporary Black music, has taken the world by storm. 
Wallace, yet another achieving kid from Brooklyn, made his mark. 
I love these lines from Notorious : : Yo, he got sex appeal like LL? 
: A little bigger than that. 
: He's a little darker than that. 
Sean Combs : : He look like Wesley Snipes? 
: Oh, he ain't Wesley ... President-elect Obama is trim, vibrant, healthy, athletic, a brilliant writer, supremely self-confident. 
B.I.G. was big, robust, pleasure-seeking, a brilliant writer, and supremely self-confident. 
They each took their own path, both tinged with pathos and the blues, and each forged his own unique, individual brand. 
Although President-elect Obama, clearly a brilliant, remarkable, charismatic, strong family - values-rooted guy represents a more familiar, comfortable model of success, America will always have room for and produce the creative, visionary, and healing artist, no matter how much that talent skirts with realms of danger, self-destructiveness, and violence. 
Get Top Stories Subscribe and get the news you need to know on NYTimes.com and our new NYT Now app for iPhone ®. 
Four weeks free, $ 2 a week thereafter Subscribe and get the news you need to know on NYTimes.com and our new NYT Now app for iPhone ®. 
Access about 40 Top Stories a day on NYTimes.com.Top Stories are marked with a green diamond. 
Plus, our new NYT Now app for iPhone The NYT Now app, for the moments when you only have a moment, is included with your subscription. 
Four weeks free, $ 2 a week thereafter a moment, is included with your subscription. 
The NYT Now app, for the moments when you only have a moment, is included with your subscription. 
What is an NYT Now subscription? 
What do I get when I subscribe? 
When you subscribe to NYT Now you will get unlimited access to the NYT Now app for iPhone and NYT Now stories on NYTimes.com. 
NYT Now subscriptions do not include unlimited access to NYTimes.com, the NYTimes app for tablet, the NYTimes app for smartphone, Premium Crosswords or The New York Times Crosswords apps. 
Yes. 
In addition to the stories marked with a green diamond, NYT Now subscribers may view up to 10 non-NYT Now articles each month. 
I'm a New York Times subscriber. 
Do I get access to NYT Now? 
Yes! 
Both print and digital New York Times subscribers have unlimited access to the NYT Now app. 
Download the app now via iTunes ®. 
undefined
`` Let us dare to read, think, speak and write. '' 
- John Adams, 1765 
`` Let us dare to read, think, speak and write. '' 
- John Adams, 1765 
In recent years, as China has been buffeted by surging violence in the far western region of Xinjiang, foreign journalists seeking analysis from local scholars relied on one man to make sense of news events : Ilham Tohti, the Uighur economics professor who could always be counted on to give an insightful and spirited assessment of the central government's latest development initiative in Xinjiang -- or the most recent `` strike hard '' security clampdown. 
The reliance on one person was not ideal, but pervasive fear long ago persuaded other Uighur academics to keep their mouths shut. 
On Tuesday, the Chinese authorities effectively silenced Mr. Tohti, sentencing him to life in prison on charges of separatism. 
Following a two-day trial, the court ruled that Mr. Tohti had `` bewitched and coerced '' his students at Minzu University in Beijing into working on Uighur Online, an Internet forum where issues facing China's Uighur minority could be openly discussed. 
What follows are excerpts from a series of interviews I conducted with Mr. Tohti in August 2010. 
Mr. Tohti has a number of relatives working for Xinjiang's public security apparatus, including an older brother who is the vice director of a prefectural police department. 
In the interview, he described how relatives were occasionally sent to Beijing by their employers to persuade him to give up his advocacy work : Having so many relatives working for the police has definitely helped me, but it has mostly hurt them. 
I'm sure their careers would be much further along if it were not for me, and this weighs heavily on my conscience. 
One brother and my mother aren't speaking to me at the moment. 
They say, `` You 're hurting all the children. '' 
My brother recently came to Beijing to convince me to give up my work. 
He cried -- all my siblings cry when the subject comes up -- and he pleaded with me to stop giving interviews to the foreign media and to stop writing about Xinjiang's problems. 
I feel like I'm under pressure all the time. 
It's not from fear -- although I'm always afraid I 'll disappear at any moment -- but from frustration and feelings of helplessness. 
But this is my life, the one I 've given myself. 
I want to have a normal life, but I can't. 
The most painful thing is the sense that I 've let down my family. 
Mr. Tohti was critical of the Chinese news media's approach to Xinjiang -- parroting government propaganda while dutifully ignoring the region's problems. 
But he also took issue with some of the Western media's coverage of Xinjiang, especially their focus on the religious identity of the Uighur people : The Chinese media's portrayal of the Uighur people has nothing to do with reality. 
I respect and understand that the news media are trying to encourage ethnic harmony, but this approach leaves the voice of Uighur people muffled. 
Truth be told, the Uighur people have been forgotten by the world, both by the West and by the Islamic world. 
In the Western media, we are often portrayed in the context of Islam. 
Islam is our religion, of course, but Uighur history and culture are more than just about religion. 
My hope is that people in the West can see us as more than just a `` Muslim people. '' 
In fact, we have little in common with the Islamic, and especially the Arab, world. 
Our culture, language and even our faces are different, a fact that is lost on most outsiders. 
In fact, if you go to places like Saudi Arabia or Pakistan, you 'll find far more Han than Uighurs. 
This is because Uighurs can not get passports to leave China. 
Mr. Tohti bemoaned what he described as the widespread fear among Uighurs, who have been cowed into silence by draconian security. 
A raft of other restrictions, he also complained, leave Uighurs ignorant about their history, culture and religion : We Uighurs are currently in the infant stage, or even a fetal stage. 
We do not know about our rights. 
There is a lack of love between us. 
There are too few brave souls, too few people who dare to speak the truth. 
There's too little knowledge. 
But the Chinese government says it is `` cultivating '' the Uighurs. 
You are a Uighur, and because you are a Uighur, you are not allowed to keep your identity. 
Because you are a Uighur, you have to shave your beard, I can prevent you from reading the Quran. 
Because you are a Uighur, you can be discriminated against in the job market. 
I see that my people are changing. 
Separatism is continuing to strengthen. 
Many people have a separatist mentality now. 
It is much more prevalent since the 5 July incident -LSB- rioting in 2009 that left nearly 200 people dead in Urumqi, the regional capital -RSB-. 
Many problems are caused by the authorities, but I am also worried that many of my people are becoming extremists. 
It is not good. 
It threatens harmony and is detrimental to resolving Xinjiang's problems. 
This country is bound to repress more people, and in the end, there won't be any results. 
So we can only use peaceful means. 
Mr. Tohti had an oddly close relationship with public security officials in Beijing, where he lived and worked. 
Although he was constantly watched -- and sometimes detained and interrogated -- he said he was relatively well treated by his minders. 
What he feared most was security personnel in Xinjiang, who had long sought to punish him for his outspokenness. 
As it happened, after his arrest in January, Mr. Tohti was sent back to Xinjiang and, according to his lawyers, he was repeatedly mistreated while in police custody. 
It seems there's a lot of competition among the different security branches. 
Everyone wants a piece of me. 
Everyone wants to burnish their reputation by getting such a `` big fish. '' 
They put pressure on me ; they tell me to stop bringing international attention to Xinjiang. 
Each time I promise them I 'll keep quiet, but then ... I have to admit, the security police in Beijing have become almost sympathetic to me. 
They are young guys, in their 20s and 30s, just trying to make a living. 
At this point, they actually consider me a friend. 
Anyway, the other day, the guys assigned to me were really pissed because I spoke to a foreign reporter. 
They said, `` We 're nice to you. 
If you fall into the hands of the Xinjiang police, you 'll be in grave danger. 
You 're a tiny ant, and you can be killed at any time. '' 
I'd be lying if I said I'm not afraid. 
Every time the doorbell rings, I think they 're coming to get me. 
In the beginning, when I was called in by the police, I'd been trembling with fear. 
But after all these years of interrogations, my mind has grown stronger. 
I'm not so easily scared. 
I'm just worried about my wife and kids, afraid they will be treated unfairly after I'm gone. 
As part of Mr. Tohti's sentence, the court ordered the confiscation of all of his assets. 
undefined
Gothamist appreciates feedback from readers, advertisers, and the press. 
Please direct your question to the appropriate person using the menu below. 
Via Email To submit story ideas/tips/leads, or general editorial inquiries, including questions, compliments, or complaints on particular stories, please contact our editor, Jen Chung -LSB- jen -LRB- at -RRB- gothamist dot com -RSB-. 
For advertising and partnership inquiries please contact our publisher, Jake Dobkin -LSB- jake -LRB- at -RRB- gothamist dot com -RSB-. 
Each of our blogs/services/departments has an individual point of contact for direct editorial comments, complaints, requests for links, or tips : Food : John -LSB- johnd -LRB- at -RRB- gothamist dot com -RSB- Events Listings : Jen Carlson -LSB- jencarlson -LRB- at -RRB- gothamist dot com -RSB- ; Sports : Tien Mao -LSB- tien -LRB- at -RRB- gothamist dot com -RSB- ; Technical Stuff : Neil Epstein -LSB- neil -LRB- at -RRB- gothamist dot com -RSB- If you do not know to whom you should direct your inquiry, please contact Jake at the address above, and he will try to help. 
Note : Please don't send printed materials to us -- we don't check our paper-mail all that often, so it's not a good way to tell us about things. 
We also don't like to waste paper! 
We never review unsolicited CDs or books that get mailed to us -- they go straight into the garbage at the Post Office. 
If you want us to post about something, send us an email, and use an electronic attachment. 
That goes for music -LRB- send a link to an MP3 -RRB-, movies -LRB- send an MPEG -RRB-, art shows, restaurants, and just about everything else -LRB- send PDFs -RRB-. 
I am here to defend the hedge funds, because, well, somebody has to. 
You could sense the glee in the air last week, when the enormous California state pension plan known as Calpers announced that it would eliminate its investing program in hedge funds. 
Commentators piled on, some calling hedge funds a doomed asset class helmed by greedy billionaires who overcharge for a too-complex asset. 
One columnist argued that `` the industry's best period is likely behind it. '' 
Another said the `` most surprising thing '' about the maneuver was that `` it took so long. '' 
Of course the people who operate hedge funds are greedy. 
Harvard M.B.A.s don't go into hedge funds to save the world. 
Still, the decision by Calpers, the California Public Employees' Retirement System, became a Rorschach test for people to convey their own personal views of hedge funds. 
The California pension fund, with more than $ 300 billion in assets, itself explained the move with a statement by its chief investment officer, Ted Eliopoulos. 
`` When judged against their complexity, cost and the lack of ability to scale at Calpers's size, '' he said, hedge fund investment by the pension fund `` doesn't merit a continued role. '' 
The nuances of that statement have been lost. 
For hedge fund detractors, the decision by Calpers is a Waterloo and it is only a matter of time before other pension funds and investors join the retreat. 
Never mind that hedge fund assets hit $ 2.352 trillion as of the second quarter of 2014, according to BarclayHedge, a data provider for hedge fund returns A closer look at the hedge fund industry -- and at the Calpers statement -- tells a different story. 
Let's start with the issue of complexity. 
Hedge funds can indeed be opaque, but some are not that complicated at all. 
A simple long-short fund -- or a fund that will bet on whether the market goes up or down -- may invest in a small number of stocks. 
Other hedge funds, to be sure, employ complex trading strategies relying on arcane derivatives and computer programming. 
Yet are these any harder to monitor than private equity funds -- investments that Calpers will retain? 
Additionally, the California pension fund had two advisers to help with its hedge fund investing : the Pacific Alternative Asset Management Company, or Paamco, and UBS. 
It seems hard to believe that these experts could not help Calpers navigate the hedge funds' complexity. 
This leaves the fee problem that Mr. Eliopoulos referred to when he stated that the asset class was `` expensive. '' 
In the fiscal year that ended in June, Calpers paid $ 135 million in fees for hedge fund investments that earned 7.1 percent. 
Private equity firms typically charge the same amount as hedge funds : a 2 percent administrative fee and 20 percent of the profits, though as is the case with hedge funds, a big institutional investor like Calpers almost certainly gets a discount. 
And the pension fund remains fully committed to investing in private equity, with 15 percent of its capital dedicated to the sector, or a total of $ 31.6 billion invested as of June. 
Indeed, the pension fund has increased its allocation for private equity in recent years. 
In other words, high fees do not seem to deter Calpers when the profits are there. 
Neither complexity nor fees appear to explain the exit. 
Instead, what does appear to be the reason is simply the one that Calpers gave -- the asset class just isn't working for the pension fund because of the strategy it has taken. 
Calpers's 7.1 percent return on its hedge fund portfolio is acceptable, but paltry when compared with the 18.4 percent the pension fund earned over all last year. 
Hedge funds have always underperformed at Calpers. 
The pension giant earned only an average 4.8 percent annually in the last 10 years from hedge fund investments. 
This return is a full 2 percent below the target return that it had set for the asset class. 
The poor performance appears to be motivating Calpers to exit hedge funds. 
Only 1.5 percent of its assets were dedicated to investment in hedge funds. 
One big reason for investment in hedge funds is to hedge returns. 
Hedge funds are intended to perform better when stock markets go down. 
But given the relatively small amount invested, Calpers was in hedge funds for the wrong reasons. 
The returns were not there. 
And unless the pension fund scaled up its investment by tens of billions of dollars, the hedging aspect of hedge funds could not work. 
Not only that, Calpers's hedge fund strategy itself was lacking. 
The pension fund diversified its hedge fund strategies into a variety of classes : long-short, multistrategy, event-driven, international and funds of funds, among others. 
With more than 40 different hedge funds, Calpers had trouble picking a winner and had too little money in too many types of funds and strategies. 
The pension fund also concentrated in investing in relatively unknown hedge funds, avoiding the megafunds that have earned outsize returns each year, such as Appaloosa or Bridgewater. 
In contrast, the Texas teachers' pension fund has actually bought a stake in Bridgewater itself. 
Calpers made an entirely rational decision to exit. 
The fees would have been wholly justified if the returns were there. 
But they were not. 
Don't feel sorry for hedge funds. 
First off, pension funds and other investors that can search for better yields and get the better hedge funds will stay in the business, including not only Texas' teachers fund but also Massachusetts's pension fund, which has about 9 percent of its assets in hedge funds. 
Second, hedge funds are a victim of market volatility, or the lack thereof. 
When markets eventually become more volatile, hedge funds will be back. 
The move by Calpers is also a result of its unwillingness to ride the hedge fund craze toward activist investing. 
-LRB- The pension fund, in any case, gets the benefit of that activism in its stock portfolio. -RRB- 
Calpers's exit, then, is really about Calpers and not something broad about hedge funds' being a `` doomed '' asset class. 
So hedge fund titans, California may just not be that into you, but there are plenty of other starry-eyed, deep-pocketed investors to woo. 
`` Let us dare to read, think, speak and write. '' 
- John Adams, 1765 
Excitement definitely in the air in downtown Brooklyn as we approach the holiday weekend. 
As the weekend before the big week unfolds, with, of course, the virtually back-to-back holiday celebration of the birthday of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and the inauguration of the 44th Preident of the United States, Barack Hussein Obama, there is palpable excitement and energy in the winter air. 
The opening of Notorious, which despite the cold, has lines outside the Regal Cinema on Court Street, just adds to the energy and excitement. 
When we lived in Clinton Hill/Fort Greene in the 90s, it was a few blocks away from the late Biggie Smalls/Notorious B.I.G. / Christopher Wallace's home on St. James Place. 
Our older daughter, now still studying in Europe, is pining for the fjords that she has to miss the premier of the film. 
As one of her teacher's said years ago, when another kid was trying to `` explain '' to our daughter some hip hop reference, `` You don't have to explain that to her, Danielle grew up in the ` hood. '' 
Sort of. 
Not exactly. 
But, so it goes. 
The late Christopher Wallace had brains, talent, and charisma to spare. 
Before he broke through, he survived the streets, drugs, and Brooklyn. 
He had a strong mom behind him. 
But I guess he couldn't survive his fame. 
The killing of Tupac Shakur was big news. 
But you could sense the murder of Christopher Wallace hit Brooklyn kids really hard with a heavy punch. 
If Barack Obama represents one story of remarkable success for Black Americans, the path taken by the late Christopher Wallace surely represented another. 
Rap, hip hop, or whatever you want to call contemporary Black music, has taken the world by storm. 
Wallace, yet another achieving kid from Brooklyn, made his mark. 
I love these lines from Notorious : : Yo, he got sex appeal like LL? 
: A little bigger than that. 
: He's a little darker than that. 
Sean Combs : : He look like Wesley Snipes? 
: Oh, he ain't Wesley ... President-elect Obama is trim, vibrant, healthy, athletic, a brilliant writer, supremely self-confident. 
B.I.G. was big, robust, pleasure-seeking, a brilliant writer, and supremely self-confident. 
They each took their own path, both tinged with pathos and the blues, and each forged his own unique, individual brand. 
Although President-elect Obama, clearly a brilliant, remarkable, charismatic, strong family - values-rooted guy represents a more familiar, comfortable model of success, America will always have room for and produce the creative, visionary, and healing artist, no matter how much that talent skirts with realms of danger, self-destructiveness, and violence. 
`` Let us dare to read, think, speak and write. '' 
- John Adams, 1765 
Against all odds, the stodgy old National Portrait Gallery has recently become one of the most interesting, daring institutions in Washington. 
Its 2009 show on Marcel Duchamp's self-portrayal was important, strange and brave. 
`` Hide/Seek, '' the show about gay love that it opened in October, was crucial - a first of its kind - and courageous, as well as being full of wonderful art. 
My review of it was a rave. 
Now the NPG, and the Smithsonian Institution it is part of, look set to come off as cowards. 
Tuesday, after a few hours of pressure from the Catholic League and various conservatives, it decided to remove a video by David Wojnarowicz, a gay artist who died from AIDS-related illness in 1992. 
As part of `` Hide/Seek, '' the gallery was showing a four-minute excerpt from a 1987 piece titled `` A Fire in My Belly, '' made in honor of Peter Hujar, an artist-colleague and lover of Wojnarowicz who had died of AIDS complications in 1987. 
And for 11 seconds of that meandering, stream-of-consciousness work -LRB- the full version is 30 minutes long -RRB- a crucifix appears onscreen with ants crawling on it. 
It seems such an inconsequential part of the total video that neither I nor anyone I 've spoken to who saw the work remembered it at all. 
But that is the portion of the video that the Catholic League has decried as `` designed to insult and inflict injury and assault the sensibilities of Christians, '' and described as `` hate speech '' - despite the artist's own hopes that the passage would speak to the suffering of his dead friend. 
The irony is that Wojnarowicz's reading of his piece puts it smack in the middle of the great tradition of using images of Christ to speak about the suffering of all mankind. 
There is a long, respectable history of showing hideously grisly images of Jesus - 17th-century sculptures in the National Gallery's recent show of Spanish sacred art could not have been more gory or distressing - and Wojnarowicz's video is nothing more than a relatively tepid reworking of that imagery, in modern terms. 
Until Tuesday afternoon, museum staff, under Director Martin E. Sullivan, believed that `` Fire '' was interesting art that made important points. 
And now it looks as though they 're somehow saying that they were wrong about that, and that it really was unfit to be seen or shown, after all. 
If every piece of art that offended some person or some group was removed from a museum, our museums might start looking empty - or would contain nothing more than pabulum. 
Goya's great nudes? 
Gone. 
The Inquisition called them porn. 
Norman Rockwell would get the boot, too, if I believed in pulling everything that I'm offended by : I can't stand the view of America that he presents, which I feel insults a huge number of us non-mainstream folks. 
But I didn't call for the Smithsonian American Art Museum to pull the Rockwell show that runs through Jan. 2, just down the hall from `` Hide/Seek. '' 
Rockwell and his admirers got to have their say, and his detractors, including me, got to rant about how much they hated his art. 
Censorship would have prevented that discussion, and that's why we don't allow it. 
Rep. Eric Cantor -LRB- R-Va. -RRB- 
has said that taxpayer-funded museums should uphold `` common standards of decency. '' 
But such `` standards '' don't exist, and shouldn't, in a pluralist society. 
My decency is your disgust, and one point of museums, and of contemporary art in general, is to test where lines get drawn and how we might want to rethink them. 
A great museum is a laboratory where ideas get tested, not a mausoleum full of dead thoughts and bromides. 
In America no one group - and certainly no single religion - gets to declare what the rest of us should see and hear and think about. 
Aren't those kinds of declarations just what extremist imams get up to, in countries with less freedom? 
Of course, it's pretty clear that this has almost nothing to do with religion. 
Eleven seconds of an ant-covered crucifix? 
Come on. 
This fuss is about the larger topic of the show : Gay love, and images of it. 
The headline that ran over coverage of the matter on the right-wing Web site CNSnews.com mentioned the crucifix - but as only one item in a list of the exhibition's `` shockers '' that included `` naked brothers kissing, genitalia and Ellen DeGeneres grabbing her breasts. '' 
-LRB- Through a bra, one might note, in an image that's less shocking than many moves by Lady Gaga. -RRB- 
The same site decries `` a painting the Smithsonian itself describes in the show's catalog as ` homoerotic'. '' 
The attack is on gayness, and images of it, more than on sacrilege - even though, last I checked, many states are sanctioning gay love in marriage, and none continue to ban homosexuality. 
After years of thwarted efforts to break into banking, Walmart is making its biggest foray yet into everyday financial services. 
Walmart, the nation's largest retailer, is teaming up with Green Dot, known for its prepaid payment cards, to supply checking accounts to almost anyone over 18 who passes an ID check. 
Daniel Eckert, senior vice president at Walmart, said on Tuesday that the accounts would be available nationwide by the end of October. 
The accounts are intended to be low-cost alternatives to traditional bank checking accounts, with no fees for overdrafts or bounced checks and no minimum account balance. 
In comparison, a basic checking account at Citibank charges $ 12 if a check is returned and $ 34 for overdrafts. 
The new accounts from Green Dot, called GoBank, will cost $ 8.95 a month if they have direct deposits totaling less than $ 500 a month. 
Mr. Eckert said that most people on Social Security or fixed pensions would qualify. 
GoBank, as the service is known, is part of Walmart's long-running push into financial services for people with little or no access to traditional banking. 
In recent years, many banks have reduced services to those with weak credit. 
According to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, an estimated 10 million households in the United States do not use a bank. 
Consumer advocates say that many people without checking accounts are forced into the financial hinterlands, where they have little choice but to turn to costly alternatives for basic transactions. 
Fees for these services can quickly add up, making saving even more difficult. 
In an uneven economic recovery, Walmart is also pushing to win back customers it is losing to lower-price retailers, from T.J.Maxx to dollar stores like Dollar Tree and Family Dollar. 
On Tuesday, the NPD Group, a market research company, said dollar stores were seeing the largest increase among brick-and-mortar retailers. 
`` Their core consumer, the lower-end consumer, is faring disproportionately poorly in the overall economy, '' said Faye Landes, retail analyst at Cowen, an investment management group. 
`` So anything they can do to get them back from the dollar stores and back in their own stores makes total sense. '' 
Walmart has been eyeing financial services for some time. 
Two years ago, the company announced a partnership with American Express to offer a prepaid card and debit accounts. 
Retailers like Target and 7-Eleven also offer prepaid cards. 
But the new Walmart initiative will be the first full-blown, off-the-shelf checking account. 
To help attract customers, Walmart and Green Dot will forgo a screening system many banks use to vet potential customers and rely instead on a proprietary system. 
The model is expected to allow almost any consumer who passes an identification check to open an account in minutes, according to Green Dot. 
In the past, Walmart has tried to secure a federal bank charter to become a deposit-taking bank, but abandoned that effort in 2007 in the face of opposition from the banking industry. 
Since then, the retailer has assembled an array of services that could be offered without a charter, as well as partnerships with financial service companies like Green Dot. 
The answers aren't always simple or clear, but there's a tremendous opportunity to bring balance, and transparency to an otherwise tumultuous commute. 
For the past 7 years, Clever Commute -- the organization built by commuters for commuters -- has been the information destination for savvy passengers. 
They know that the best information comes from their colleagues who are actually in transit. 
-LRB- Ref : NY Times, NBC TV -RRB- Now there's an opportunity for your news organization to join others who use our business offering : Two very important reasons why your organization can not live without Clever Commute Professional : 1. 
CCP provides real-time, crowd-sourced insights from commuters. 
Our proprietary, patent-pending technology curates and moderates the alerts generated by the commuters. 
We then deliver that content to your organization as a standard datafeed. 
Imagine the possibilities which come from data generated by a passionate and engaged audience : 2. 
CCP goes beyond the datafeed to provide you with the following : Scope : Our strength and leadership position is in the major commuter rail lines -LRB- In the NY DMA, that's Metro North, LIRR and NJ Transit -RRB-. 
We also provide insights regarding PATH, and several commuter bus lines -LRB- which often serves as a proxy for overall vehicular traffic conditions -RRB-. 
We are in various stages of deployment for other transit providers in the NY Metro area -LRB- e.g., MTA subway -RRB- as well as other markets. 
Contact Clever Commute to arrange access to our demo feed so you can see for yourself. 
Want to get technical? 
Here are the details : 
Hiroko Tabuchi writes for The New York Times about Japanese economics, business and technology from Tokyo. 
In 2013, Ms. Tabuchi was part of the team awarded the Pulitzer Prize for Explanatory Reporting `` for its penetrating look into business practices by Apple and other technology companies that illustrates the darker side of a changing global economy for workers and consumers. '' 
In 2011, Ms. Tabuchi was part of a team whose coverage of the tsunami and nuclear disaster in Japan was named a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for International Reporting. 
Ms. Tabuchi came to The Times in 2008 after a year as a Tokyo correspondent for The Wall Street Journal, where she covered an eclectic beat ranging from politics and labor issues to fashion and consumer culture. 
Prior to The Journal, she spent three years as a reporter at the Tokyo bureau of The Associated Press. 
She is a native of Kobe, Japan, and is a graduate of the London School of Economics and Political Science. 
Excitement definitely in the air in downtown Brooklyn as we approach the holiday weekend. 
As the weekend before the big week unfolds, with, of course, the virtually back-to-back holiday celebration of the birthday of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and the inauguration of the 44th Preident of the United States, Barack Hussein Obama, there is palpable excitement and energy in the winter air. 
The opening of Notorious, which despite the cold, has lines outside the Regal Cinema on Court Street, just adds to the energy and excitement. 
When we lived in Clinton Hill/Fort Greene in the 90s, it was a few blocks away from the late Biggie Smalls/Notorious B.I.G. / Christopher Wallace's home on St. James Place. 
Our older daughter, now still studying in Europe, is pining for the fjords that she has to miss the premier of the film. 
As one of her teacher's said years ago, when another kid was trying to `` explain '' to our daughter some hip hop reference, `` You don't have to explain that to her, Danielle grew up in the ` hood. '' 
Sort of. 
Not exactly. 
But, so it goes. 
The late Christopher Wallace had brains, talent, and charisma to spare. 
Before he broke through, he survived the streets, drugs, and Brooklyn. 
He had a strong mom behind him. 
But I guess he couldn't survive his fame. 
The killing of Tupac Shakur was big news. 
But you could sense the murder of Christopher Wallace hit Brooklyn kids really hard with a heavy punch. 
If Barack Obama represents one story of remarkable success for Black Americans, the path taken by the late Christopher Wallace surely represented another. 
Rap, hip hop, or whatever you want to call contemporary Black music, has taken the world by storm. 
Wallace, yet another achieving kid from Brooklyn, made his mark. 
I love these lines from Notorious : : Yo, he got sex appeal like LL? 
: A little bigger than that. 
: He's a little darker than that. 
Sean Combs : : He look like Wesley Snipes? 
: Oh, he ain't Wesley ... President-elect Obama is trim, vibrant, healthy, athletic, a brilliant writer, supremely self-confident. 
B.I.G. was big, robust, pleasure-seeking, a brilliant writer, and supremely self-confident. 
They each took their own path, both tinged with pathos and the blues, and each forged his own unique, individual brand. 
Although President-elect Obama, clearly a brilliant, remarkable, charismatic, strong family - values-rooted guy represents a more familiar, comfortable model of success, America will always have room for and produce the creative, visionary, and healing artist, no matter how much that talent skirts with realms of danger, self-destructiveness, and violence. 
Excitement definitely in the air in downtown Brooklyn as we approach the holiday weekend. 
As the weekend before the big week unfolds, with, of course, the virtually back-to-back holiday celebration of the birthday of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and the inauguration of the 44th Preident of the United States, Barack Hussein Obama, there is palpable excitement and energy in the winter air. 
The opening of Notorious, which despite the cold, has lines outside the Regal Cinema on Court Street, just adds to the energy and excitement. 
When we lived in Clinton Hill/Fort Greene in the 90s, it was a few blocks away from the late Biggie Smalls/Notorious B.I.G. / Christopher Wallace's home on St. James Place. 
Our older daughter, now still studying in Europe, is pining for the fjords that she has to miss the premier of the film. 
As one of her teacher's said years ago, when another kid was trying to `` explain '' to our daughter some hip hop reference, `` You don't have to explain that to her, Danielle grew up in the ` hood. '' 
Sort of. 
Not exactly. 
But, so it goes. 
The late Christopher Wallace had brains, talent, and charisma to spare. 
Before he broke through, he survived the streets, drugs, and Brooklyn. 
He had a strong mom behind him. 
But I guess he couldn't survive his fame. 
The killing of Tupac Shakur was big news. 
But you could sense the murder of Christopher Wallace hit Brooklyn kids really hard with a heavy punch. 
If Barack Obama represents one story of remarkable success for Black Americans, the path taken by the late Christopher Wallace surely represented another. 
Rap, hip hop, or whatever you want to call contemporary Black music, has taken the world by storm. 
Wallace, yet another achieving kid from Brooklyn, made his mark. 
I love these lines from Notorious : : Yo, he got sex appeal like LL? 
: A little bigger than that. 
: He's a little darker than that. 
Sean Combs : : He look like Wesley Snipes? 
: Oh, he ain't Wesley ... President-elect Obama is trim, vibrant, healthy, athletic, a brilliant writer, supremely self-confident. 
B.I.G. was big, robust, pleasure-seeking, a brilliant writer, and supremely self-confident. 
They each took their own path, both tinged with pathos and the blues, and each forged his own unique, individual brand. 
Although President-elect Obama, clearly a brilliant, remarkable, charismatic, strong family - values-rooted guy represents a more familiar, comfortable model of success, America will always have room for and produce the creative, visionary, and healing artist, no matter how much that talent skirts with realms of danger, self-destructiveness, and violence. 
`` Let us dare to read, think, speak and write. '' 
- John Adams, 1765 
`` Let us dare to read, think, speak and write. '' 
- John Adams, 1765 
The information you provide on this form will not be used for anything other than sending the email to your friend. 
This feature is not to be used for advertising or excessive self-promotion. 
From DNA Info : One of the historic millstones on display in Queens Plaza was vandalized recently -- renewing a local historian's call to have the pair of artifacts moved from the site. 
The two stones, which are located in a park in Queens Plaza called Dutch Kills Green, are estimated to be at least 200 hundreds years old and possibly a relic from a mill that once operated nearby, according to Bob Singleton of the Greater Astoria Historical Society. 
Singleton said he was notified by a community member of the vandalism last week. 
A photo he snapped of the vandalized millstone shows it was tagged with the word `` Patria, '' in its center, and someone wrote the word `` choky '' numerous times in what appears to be marker. 
The Parks Department removed the graffiti Friday morning, a spokesman said, `` using methods recommended by our art and antiquities conservators. '' 
The department has notified the NYPD and planned to file a police report of the incident. 
But Singleton says the vandalism is further proof that the millstones should be moved from the park to an indoor space where they can be preserved -- something he's been pushing for years. 
Look folks, this is typical. 
The City at this point knows that Queens Plaza is a bad place for the millstones. 
Yet they can't bring themselves to admit that. 
They can be placed indoors in an accessible location. 
But this being Queens, the electeds won't push for that, and will kowtow to the EDC. 
It's quite embarrassing. 
`` Let us dare to read, think, speak and write. '' 
- John Adams, 1765 
Here's something neat : Voyager made it out of the Solar System! 
Here's something else that's neat : Voyager's computers had about 32k of memory. 
Throw that on a Centon 64GB Datastick Pro USB 3.0 Flash Drive and you wouldn't even notice it! 
There might even be room for a FLAC rip of that sweet Golden Record ... which would probably still leave you about 62 gigs free! 
And then what to do with all that space? 
A high-quality rip of Star Trek : The Motion Picture? 
We looked it up, that's only about 19 gigs. 
Nothing to sneeze at, of course, but that STILL leaves you 43 more gigs in your Centon 64GB Datastick Pro USB 3.0 Flash Drive. 
A documentary about the findings? 
38 gigs left! 
A documentary about how the Voyager satellites were made? 
33 gigs left! 
High-quality photos from NASA's website? 
23 gigs and some change! 
STILL MORE ROOM THAN MOST FLASH DRIVES BEGIN WITH! 
Ultimately, we 're going to have to just accept it. 
Man's come a long way, but we still don't know enough about the universe to fill Centon 64GB Datastick Pro USB 3.0 Flash Drive without throwing a couple'a Blue Öyster Cult records on there too. 
Trends offer a unique way to get closer to what you care about. 
They are tailored for you based on your location and who you follow. 
undefined
You don't have to spend a lot to look like you do. 
Werk it and twerk it with amazing deals on designer watches, handbags and more. 
Excitement definitely in the air in downtown Brooklyn as we approach the holiday weekend. 
As the weekend before the big week unfolds, with, of course, the virtually back-to-back holiday celebration of the birthday of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and the inauguration of the 44th Preident of the United States, Barack Hussein Obama, there is palpable excitement and energy in the winter air. 
The opening of Notorious, which despite the cold, has lines outside the Regal Cinema on Court Street, just adds to the energy and excitement. 
When we lived in Clinton Hill/Fort Greene in the 90s, it was a few blocks away from the late Biggie Smalls/Notorious B.I.G. / Christopher Wallace's home on St. James Place. 
Our older daughter, now still studying in Europe, is pining for the fjords that she has to miss the premier of the film. 
As one of her teacher's said years ago, when another kid was trying to `` explain '' to our daughter some hip hop reference, `` You don't have to explain that to her, Danielle grew up in the ` hood. '' 
Sort of. 
Not exactly. 
But, so it goes. 
The late Christopher Wallace had brains, talent, and charisma to spare. 
Before he broke through, he survived the streets, drugs, and Brooklyn. 
He had a strong mom behind him. 
But I guess he couldn't survive his fame. 
The killing of Tupac Shakur was big news. 
But you could sense the murder of Christopher Wallace hit Brooklyn kids really hard with a heavy punch. 
If Barack Obama represents one story of remarkable success for Black Americans, the path taken by the late Christopher Wallace surely represented another. 
Rap, hip hop, or whatever you want to call contemporary Black music, has taken the world by storm. 
Wallace, yet another achieving kid from Brooklyn, made his mark. 
I love these lines from Notorious : : Yo, he got sex appeal like LL? 
: A little bigger than that. 
: He's a little darker than that. 
Sean Combs : : He look like Wesley Snipes? 
: Oh, he ain't Wesley ... President-elect Obama is trim, vibrant, healthy, athletic, a brilliant writer, supremely self-confident. 
B.I.G. was big, robust, pleasure-seeking, a brilliant writer, and supremely self-confident. 
They each took their own path, both tinged with pathos and the blues, and each forged his own unique, individual brand. 
Although President-elect Obama, clearly a brilliant, remarkable, charismatic, strong family - values-rooted guy represents a more familiar, comfortable model of success, America will always have room for and produce the creative, visionary, and healing artist, no matter how much that talent skirts with realms of danger, self-destructiveness, and violence. 
`` Let us dare to read, think, speak and write. '' 
- John Adams, 1765 
The information you provide on this form will not be used for anything other than sending the email to your friend. 
This feature is not to be used for advertising or excessive self-promotion. 
From the Daily News : A 23-year-old man was jumped by a group and slashed in the back when a melee inside Amnesia, a club on Steinway St. in Astoria, spilled onto the street just after 4 a.m. closing time. 
The driver of a champagne-colored vehicle who happened to be passing by the melee hit several club-goers, slammed into a parked Jeep Grand Cherokee and then fled the scene, cops and witnesses said. 
Orlando Santos, 18, of Brooklyn, who suffered a dislocated hip after being struck by the hit-and-run driver, was arrested at New York-Presbyterian Hospital Weill Cornell in connection to the slashing attack. 
He was charged with gang assault. 
A 28-year-old man was rushed to Elmhurst Hospital after being slashed in the left side of his face during the brawl and struck by the hit-and-run vehicle, cops said. 
A 25-year-old man was treated at Elmhurst Hospital for crash-related cuts. 
We 're sorry! 
This page is not available. 
Please visit the CBS New York Homepage or use the search box above. 
Excitement definitely in the air in downtown Brooklyn as we approach the holiday weekend. 
As the weekend before the big week unfolds, with, of course, the virtually back-to-back holiday celebration of the birthday of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and the inauguration of the 44th Preident of the United States, Barack Hussein Obama, there is palpable excitement and energy in the winter air. 
The opening of Notorious, which despite the cold, has lines outside the Regal Cinema on Court Street, just adds to the energy and excitement. 
When we lived in Clinton Hill/Fort Greene in the 90s, it was a few blocks away from the late Biggie Smalls/Notorious B.I.G. / Christopher Wallace's home on St. James Place. 
Our older daughter, now still studying in Europe, is pining for the fjords that she has to miss the premier of the film. 
As one of her teacher's said years ago, when another kid was trying to `` explain '' to our daughter some hip hop reference, `` You don't have to explain that to her, Danielle grew up in the ` hood. '' 
Sort of. 
Not exactly. 
But, so it goes. 
The late Christopher Wallace had brains, talent, and charisma to spare. 
Before he broke through, he survived the streets, drugs, and Brooklyn. 
He had a strong mom behind him. 
But I guess he couldn't survive his fame. 
The killing of Tupac Shakur was big news. 
But you could sense the murder of Christopher Wallace hit Brooklyn kids really hard with a heavy punch. 
If Barack Obama represents one story of remarkable success for Black Americans, the path taken by the late Christopher Wallace surely represented another. 
Rap, hip hop, or whatever you want to call contemporary Black music, has taken the world by storm. 
Wallace, yet another achieving kid from Brooklyn, made his mark. 
I love these lines from Notorious : : Yo, he got sex appeal like LL? 
: A little bigger than that. 
: He's a little darker than that. 
Sean Combs : : He look like Wesley Snipes? 
: Oh, he ain't Wesley ... President-elect Obama is trim, vibrant, healthy, athletic, a brilliant writer, supremely self-confident. 
B.I.G. was big, robust, pleasure-seeking, a brilliant writer, and supremely self-confident. 
They each took their own path, both tinged with pathos and the blues, and each forged his own unique, individual brand. 
Although President-elect Obama, clearly a brilliant, remarkable, charismatic, strong family - values-rooted guy represents a more familiar, comfortable model of success, America will always have room for and produce the creative, visionary, and healing artist, no matter how much that talent skirts with realms of danger, self-destructiveness, and violence. 
Angioplasty is a procedure to open narrowed or blocked blood vessels that supply blood to the heart. 
You may be given drugs to break up the clot. 
It is best if these drugs are given within 3 hours of when you first felt the chest pain. 
This is called thrombolytic therapy. 
Some patients may also have heart bypass surgery to open narrowed or blocked blood vessels that supply blood to the heart. 
This procedure is also called open heart surgery. 
After several days, you will be discharged from the hospital. 
You will likely need to take medicines, some for the rest of your life. 
Always talk to your health care provider before stopping or changing how you take any medicines. 
Stopping certain medications can be deadly. 
While under the care of your health care team, you will learn : All of these feelings are normal. 
They go away for most people after 2 or 3 weeks. 
You may also feel tired when you leave the hospital to go home. 
Most people who have had a heart attack take part in a cardiac rehabilitation program. 
In-Depth Treatment '' 
