The diary provokes universal curiosity, and it might actually work.
When my throat began to get thirsty, his secretary procured ice cubes.
Video footage showed a grave site, which was decorated with a death flag.
As Michelle looks at Woodward's oil fields, she sees stacks of oil rigs.
It is a fighting religion, which sends its enemies to hell.
He would taste the envelope flaps, knowing her tongue had been there.
If you decide to do that, then don't feel you are giving in.
To grasp why the flower gets dyed, you must know how plants get water.
Joe took Rosa's satchel from Sammy, and sat down on the suede chair.
As the chicken virus spreads, so does awareness and overreaction.
For this year's Halloween, there will be multiple ghost tours.
Do not run with your legs, or you'll be taken to the village.
Saskatchewan earned one thousand units, but Rwanda and Yemen wanted them.
Inasmuch as underwater mammals, buffalos swim neck-deep in the channel.
Depending on which criteria you use, the results may well vary.
Bella's in love with the Bible, given it has enriched their lives.
Afghanistan is a remote country, where farmers replace soil for mud.
Like most other internal organs, the brain can serve as nourishment.
After passing an entire fleet of ships, there wasn't hostility between us.
The chemical mechanism is employed, so his acts take on a decisive haste.
Air weapons were considered, as part of the envoy.
The good folks have a tax break, says President Dick with regret.
Although several manners exist for vocal works, standard synthesis was not provided.
The military watched over in Asia, learning how to use indispensable cash.
But we've got a long way to go, since sales by U S automakers were mixed.
Those waiting were escaped slaves, hiding from big-hearted bonuses.
By nineteen sixty-nine, Motown had killed Diana Ross's solo career.
The man got stuck in his chimney in Iowa, claimed neighborhood's Peeping Tom.
They shouted in Cape Town, specifying which party to vote for.
The roadway hangs suspended below, its weight pulling on the main cables.
And our Earth Mother trembles, as mere men deplete her resources.
Tons of moth migrations are everywhere, and bats know all about them.
Some athletes are willing to win, by doping drugs in their system.
The couple met at Pennsylvania, from which they received M B A's.
Kuwait city is located in Kuwait Bay, a natural deep-water harbor in the Emirates.
Once patrons take the bait, the employees will pop out with arms flailing.
And I know they overwork us, claims a Fortune Five Hundred employee.
The union representing Delta pilots stated, we are opposed to the U S Airways proposal.
Whilst they went global, Coal's doubt seemed to crack.
